Are McDonald's veggie goujons gluten free?
Is the Red Pepper & Pesto Goujon suitable for vegans?
Why don't you serve burgers before 11.00?
Why do you only serve breakfast until 11:00?
If you don't serve burgers before 11am because of cross contamination, why don't you use more grills?
What is the policy for employees with facial hair?
Is McDonald's open on Christmas Day?
Can you provide information on any parking policies in your car parks?
What sauces do you use in your salads?
How do you make an egg McMuffin®- is the egg fried or poached?
Can you tell me about the source of your milk?
What coffee beans do you use in your coffee?
What dips do you have?
Is my Click&Collect food kept warm until I collect it?
What's the password for using Wi-Fi in a McDonald's restaurant?
Is the Wi-Fi free to use?
There weren't enough tables so I was forced to eat standing up - who can I talk to about this, and how?
How does the server know where I will be sitting when I order my food with Table Service?
Am I expected to give a tip when I use Table Service?
Does it cost any more to use Table Service?
Can I sit anywhere when I request table service - or am I told where to sit?
How long will it take from placing my order to receiving my food at my table?
How does Table Service work?
Is there a time limit for how long I can use the play area?
Is the play area supervised by a McDonald's employee?
Do I need to reserve a place in the play area?
What's in the play area?
Can I charge my mobile phone in a McDonald's restaurant?
How do I find a restaurant with 'late night' opening times?
What time are your late night opening restaurants open until?
Are all items on the menu available 24/7?
Do you offer discounts to Police Officers?
Do you use recycled products in your packaging?
What's your commitment to recycling?
What's McDonald's policy on litter?
Does McDonald's offer discounts to police officers?
Why don't you serve a sausage, bacon and egg McMuffin®?
Are there any healthy options on the Breakfast Menu?
What's McDonald's point of view on the sugar tax?
Why do you add salt and pepper to your burgers?
Do McDonald's use chemicals in its salads to preserve the colour and texture?
Are some of the non-pork products (i.e. Fillet-o-Fish) being cross contaminated with pork?
Do you have any plans to introduce a gluten free bun?
How are McDonald's fries made?
Are your fries suitable for vegans?
How does the oil filtration system work - is all the oil mixed together and reused?
What has McDonald's done to address childhood obesity?
You claim to use '100% British and Irish beef' but what parts of the beef do you actually use?
Is the BBQ sauce suitable for vegans?
Are milkshakes included in the price of a value meal?
What's the full range of burgers in the 'Great Taste of America' promotion?
How long will the loyalty scheme be running for?
Can I have a Frappe instead of a soft drink as part of an Extra Value Meal?
Can I personalise my own burger?
Where do you source the ingredients for your food?
Where is the cheese on your burgers manufactured from?
Do staff use the same mop for the restaurant floor and the toilets?
What cleaning products do you use, and are any of then sourced from animals?
Can you provide information on McDonald's past and present?
Which agencies do McDonald's use, and how would a different agency apply to work with McDonald's?
How many Monopoly stickers are there on food items?
What is McDonald's corporate social responsibility (CSR) policy?
Can you tell me about the welfare standards of the chickens McDonald's uses in it's chicken products?
How often do I get paid?
Where can I find employee discounts?
What does McDonald's pay per hour?
Do you pay any staff less than the minimum wage?
Do employees of McDonald's need to have qualifications?
Do all McDonald's employees earn the minimum wage?
What benefits do McDonald's employees receive?
What age can you start an apprenticeship?
Do you pay your staff based on age - or only experience?
What is the national minimum wage? Do you pay above the national minimum wage (and how much do you pay in comparison)?
Do McDonald's use recycled cooking oil to fuel your own delivery vehicles?
As a company what is your macro environment and how do you relate to it?
What do you do with your leftover food?
Is the Big Tasty packaging biodegradable?
Do you offer recycling facilities inside your restaurants?
How much cooking oil do you collect from your London restaurants to dispose of every year?
What environmental threats may McDonald's face over the next ten years and how do you plan to combat these?
What percentage of waste from packaging is recycled?
How does bio-diesel power your delivery trucks and how many lorries are powered by used cooking oil?
Your balloons can cause environmental damage - what's your view on this?
Can Happy Meal® toys be recycled?
Does McDonald's use rainforest friendly, sustainable packaging?
What is McDonald's doing to reduce its carbon footprint in the UK?
Do you have recycling bins in restaurants?
On average how much food waste is being separated from your general waste per week?
What's McDonald's policy on energy saving and energy efficiency?
How do your waterless urinals work?
What's your Big Mac® packaging made from?
Does McDonald's charge for paper take-away bags?
What is McDonald's doing to help the environment?
What's your policy on recycling?
What time do your restaurants start serving breakfast?
What is Better Play?
Can McDonald's provide individual sponsorship?
Why does McDonald's choose to be an Olympic sponsor?
Do you sponsor community / local football teams and clubs?
Do you sponsor football teams by the way of donating football kits?
Who can I speak to regarding rugby club sponsorship?
What support does McDonald's offer with regards to FA Coaching Level 1?
What sports do McDonald's sponsor?
Who should I contact regarding football sponsorship?
Do you sponsor grassroots football organisations - and if so, what's the best way to access this funding?
Does McDonald's sponsor junior football and if so, what's the application process for sponsorship?
Where do you run your football initiatives?
How can I get involved in your football initiatives?
What football initiatives does McDonald's run?
What time does the breakfast service start in 24-hour restaurants?
Why do breakfast service times vary from restaurant to restaurant?
What time does McDonald's start serving breakfast?
Why can't you serve breakfast all day?
Regarding the free burger or McFlurry® that's offered with a meal for those with a student card - what counts as a meal?
Do you offer student discounts?
Do you offer discounts with both standard and NUS student cards?
Does a student card work with in a Drive-Thru restaurant?
Do you offer student discounts on breakfast meals?
Are there plans to start serving breakfast earlier?
Do you offer free cheese burgers to Armed Forces personnel (just as you offer it to students)?
Do you sell just a sausage McMuffin®?
What's your breakfast menu?
What time do you stop serving breakfast?
Why are no there no dairy free or egg free breakfast choices?
Can I order a Big Mac® in a plain bun (without the sesame seeds)?
I think my food was raw. Who can I speak to about this, and how?
My burger was pink. Who can I speak to about this, and how?
My food was undercooked. Who can I speak to about this, and how?
How is McDonald's improving on customer service expectations?
I became ill soon after eating my food. Who can I speak to about this, and how?
There was a piece of plastic in my food. Who can I speak to about this, and how?
There was a hair in my food. Who can I speak to about this, and how?
What's McDonald's customer service policy?
I want to complain about my experience inside a McDonald's restaurant. Who can I speak to, and how?
I want to speak to the restaurant manager. What do I do?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the white coffee?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the Tropicana Orange Juice?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the triple chocolate cookie?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the toffee sundae?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the toffee latte?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the toasted bagel?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the tea?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the sugar doughnut?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the strawberry sundae?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the spicy chicken snack wrap?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the sausage, egg and cheese bagel?
Can you tell me the ingredients of your sauces?
What sauce do you use in your products?
How much salt do you put in your products?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the salads?
What sauce is used in the Veggie Deluxe?
Are your veggie burgers genuinely suitable for vegetarians?
Is emulsifier 471 that you use in some of your products suitable for vegetarians?
What are your vegetarian breakfast options?
Is your Mocha Ice Frappe suitable for vegetarians?
Are your fish fingers fried separately?
Can you provide information on your food preparation procedure?
Why is the Crunchie McFlurry® classed suitable for vegetarians when it contains shellac?
What ingredients do you use in your veggie burgers?
Are McDonald's Apple Pies suitable for vegetarians?
Do you serve any vegan desserts?
What products on your menu are suitable for vegans?
Is your porridge suitable for vegans?
Are your burger buns and tortillas suitable for vegans?
How much fat and sugar is in a sweet chilli wrap meal and how much is in a Chicken Select® meal?
Does your Sweet Chilli Dip contain gluten?
What pepper do you use in the sachets?
Do your sauces contain pork fat or LM10?
What's the salt content in a Happy Meal®?
What variety of salt do you use?
What's the sugar content of your products?
What's the salt content of your products?
Is the quality of food in McDonald's U.K. better than in the U.S.?
Which of your products are wheat-free?
How much milk goes into a regular cappuccino?
Is it safe for pregnant people to eat McDonald's mayonnaise?
Is it safe for pregnant people to eat a McChicken® Sandwich?
Do your ice cream products contain eggs?
Has the Big Mac® changed since it was first introduced?
How long does it take to prepare your porridge?
Is there anywhere that I buy the sausage patties?
Do you use the same grills to cook different food products (i.e. pork and beef)?
How is your bacon cooked?
What meat are you sausages made from?
Is your food genetically modified?
Are your sausage patties gluten free?
What is the nutritional value of your fries per 100g please?
Do your sauces contain any animal fat or LM10?
Is a fish finger Happy Meal® dairy and soya free?
What is the nutritional information for a Chicken Mayo without the chicken mayo?
Are there plans to offer granary or wholemeal buns?
Do your Mozzarella Dippers contain any egg and is the cheese suitable for vegetarians?
Is your milkshake thickened with chicken skin?
How many teaspoons of sugar are in your chocolate milkshakes?
Do you milkshakes, ice creams and sundaes contain alcohol?
Does the strawberry milkshake contain cochineal?
Are you chocolate milkshakes gluten free?
Does your banana milkshake or tomato sauce contain gluten?
Do you offer soy milk with your coffee products?
Do any of your products contain hormones?
Why are the buns on your quarter-pounders so much smaller than the beef burger inside?
Can I order a McMuffin® without the bun?
What emulsifiers of Mono and Diglycerides do you use in your ice-cream products, including the McFlurry®?
How many calories are there in a plain McFlurry®?
Does the McFlurry® contain alcohol?
Where is the McDonald's Mayonnaise sourced from?
Which meal on the menu contains the lowest number of calories?
How many grams of lettuce do you use in each burger?
Is the Ketchup in restaurant dispensers the same as the Ketchup served in pots?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the Quaker Oat So Simple porridge?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the Quaker Oat So Simple Apple and Cherry porridge?
What's the temperature of the transfer bin?
What pork products do you serve?
Is there any pork in the Filet-o-Fish®?
Where can I find nutritional information?
Which of your products contain high fructose corn syrup?
What products are suitable for people with diabetes?
What's the correct oil filtering process?
Where does your curry sauce come from?
Do any of your products contain MSG?
Do you use onions in your hash browns?
What's the temperature of the UHC?
Can pregnant women eat your mayonnaise and tartar sauce?
What's in a McDonald's milkshake?
Are the veggie burgers suitable for vegans?
What products are suitable for me if I can't eat white flour or sugar?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the pancakes and sausage with syrup?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the pancakes and syrup?
How are your hash browns made?
How many carbs are in a Happy Meal® with hamburger and Coca-Cola®?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the milkshakes?
Do you offer dairy-free alternatives to your milk products?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the McFlurry®?
Are Happy Meal®s gluten and wheat free?
Why doesn't McDonald's offer Halal food?
Are your fries halal?
Are McDonald's buns suitable for a halal diet?
Is your meat kosher?
Do McDonald's display a sign when Halal meat is sold in the restaurant?
Is the sauce used in the Filet-o-Fish® vegetarian and/or halal?
Why are some of the restaurants halal?
Are there any products on your breakfast menu that are halal?
Are there plans for a halal menu in areas of the U.K. where the Muslim population is high?
Do you have any halal restaurants?
Are your sugar donuts halal?
Is your food GMO free?
Do you serve gluten free burgers or chicken nuggets?
Are your chicken wraps gluten free?
Why don't the UK have gluten free buns like the Netherlands?
What are the gluten free breakfast options?
Do you serve gluten free Big Mac®s?
Are your chicken nuggets gluten free?
Which of your products are gluten free?
What type of gherkins do you use in your Big Mac®s?
Do your products contain gelatine?
Do your fries contain pork grease?
What pesticides do you use on your potatoes during the growing process?
Are the ingredients used in your fries the same as in the U.S.A?
Do McDonald's Fries contain any beef products?
Is there any dairy, soya or eggs in your French Fries?
What percentage of McDonald's fries are actually potato?
Why do McDonald's Fries contain so much salt?
Are your fries cooked in separate oil to that of meat?
Are McDonald's fries prepared in lard prior to being fried?
How much do small, medium and large fries weigh?
Why do you add dextrose to your fries?
Do McDonald's fries contain dimethylpolysiloxane (a form of silicone)?
Are your fries suitable for vegetarians?
Do your fries contain sugar?
How do you preserve your food products?
Where do McDonald's source its vegetables from, and are they organic?
Where do you source the ingredients for the Filet-o-Fish®?
How long does it take to cook a Filet-o-Fish®?
What fish do you use in your Fish Fingers and Filet-o-Fish®?
Why is the Filet-o-Fish® served with half a slice of cheese?
Why do McDonald's use Hoki fish which is not from the UK?
Do the Filet-o-Fish® or apples pies contain egg?
Is the Tartare Sauce in the Filet-o-Fish® suitable for vegetarians?
Is the cheese used in the Filet-o-Fish® suitable for vegetarians?
is the Filet-o-Fish® halal?
What is the percentage of fat is in your burgers?
Do any of your products contain trans fats?
Are McDonald's Fries soaked in animal fat?
How much fat/saturated fat is in each of your products?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the flat white coffee?
What type of fish do you use in your fish products?
Do your scrambled or folded eggs contain milk?
Are all the eggs you use free range?
Can I get an egg with a soft yolk on my Sausage and Egg McMuffin®?
Where do the McDonald's coffee beans come from?
Is your tea and coffee fairtrade certified?
Are there any eggs in your milkshakes?
Is the milk and cream used to make your milkshakes pasteurised?
Do the McDonald's Smoothies count towards one of your five a day?
Does the hot chocolate contain gluten?
How much caffeine is there is in a regular cappuccino & hot chocolate?
What do you use to make McDonald's hot chocolate?
Is your Hot Chocolate suitable for vegetarians?
Do Iced Frappés contain caffeine and if so, how much (compared to your other coffee products)?
Which items on your menu are healthy?
Where can I find information about the ingredients in your food?
Can you provide a list of menu items that do not contain cow's milk?
Can you provide information on McDonald's milk and eggs?
Where does your milk come from?
Do you use organic milk in all your products?
Is your milk full-fat, semi-skimmed or skimmed?
Do you use fresh milk in all McDonald's milk based products?
What are the ingredients in your milkshakes and ice cream products?
Does the McFlurry® contain milk?
Are any of your milkshakes are gluten-free?
Is it true that the McFlurry® ice cream is not real ice cream?
Are all the milkshakes suitable for vegetarians?
Do you serve any meal that's totally dairy free?
Are McDonald's milkshakes made with pork fat?
Is McDonald's curry sauce suitable for vegetarians?
Do you use the same oil to cook your pork and beef?
Could you provide information on the hydrogenated vegetable oil?
Where does the vegetable cooking oil that you cook with come from?
Do McDonald's restaurants use palm oil for cooking?
Will you at any point be making your fillet-o-fish burger suitable for pescetarians?
Do you use L-Cysteine in your buns?
Are your Apple Pies suitable for vegetarians?
Do you cook different meat and fish products in the same oil?
Can you explain the oil filtration process?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the Chicken Selects®?
Can you give me some nutritional information about chicken nuggets?
Why aren't your pies and cheese melt dippers suitable for vegetarians?
What oil is used to cook your products?
How do you filter your frying oil to make sure it doesn't contaminate your vegetarian products?
Do you use full fat or semi-skimmed milk in your coffees?
Does McDonald's coffee contain pork oil?
What chicken do you use in the Chicken Legend®?
What are the ingredients in Chicken Legend®?
Where do you source the mayo and lettuce in a McChicken® Sandwich?
Do you use chicken skin in your Chicken McNuggets®?
Do the Chicken McNuggets® contain bone?
Do you use reformed meat in your grilled chicken breast wraps?
Is it true that your Chicken McNuggets® include the beak?
Do you use any mechanically separated meat in your food?
If 100% chicken breast is used in products, what happens to the rest of the chicken?
Where do McDonald's source their chicken?
What are the ingredients of a McChicken® Sandwich?
Do you use the same sauce in your McChicken® Burger and Mayo Chicken?
What are the ingredients of Chicken Selects®?
What are the ingredients of Chicken McNuggets®?
How much gluten is in a chicken nugget?
Is your cheese gluten free?
Is your Emmental cheese suitable for Vegetarians?
What is the cheese on your burgers made from?
What type of cheese do you use on your burgers?
How many carbohydrates are in your products?
Are there any carbohydrates in your ice cream products?
Do your burgers contain wheat?
Are McDonald's burgers made in store?
How old are the cows used for beef in your burgers?
Can you explain how you quality check your beef?
Why is there so much salt in a Big Mac®?
What breed of cow is used in your hamburgers?
How do you make a Big Mac®?
What preservatives do you put in your food?
How do you make your burgers? How are they transported and what happens to the rest of the cow?
Is there mayonnaise in the Big Mac® sauce?
Do any of the burgers contain dairy?
How many pickles do you but in your burgers?
What's in a McDonald's beef burger and how is it made?
How long does it take to cook a burger on the grill?
Are gherkins added to a Big Mac® to offset the sugar content & avoid it being called a dessert?
What are the ingredients of a Cheeseburger?
Why are they called Hamburgers when they're made from beef?
Instead of the bread bun would you wrap a burger in lettuce leaves instead?
Can you stop using sugar in the buns?
Can I buy the buns you use?
Where do you source the buns from your burgers?
Is the bun for all your products the same?
Can you tell what the Filet-o-Fish® buns made from?
What brown sauce do you use for breakfasts?
How many rashers of bacon should I get on a bacon roll?
How are your hash browns processed in your factories?
Where are your hash browns made from and what oil are they fried in?
Does the Big Tasty sauce contain any wheat or gluten?
What's the average weight in grams of a Big Mac®?
Is the Big Mac® sauce wheat, gluten and dairy free?
Is the Big Mac® Sauce suitable for vegetarians?
Can pregnant women eat the special sauce in Big Mac®s? Is there any raw egg in it?
Is there any raw egg in your Big Mac® sauce?
Do any of your products (aside from the beef products) contain beef extract?
Do you buy meat from factory farms?
Do you use dairy cows for beef?
Does your 100% beef come from cows or bulls?
Is '100% beef' a company owned by McDonald's (and therefore your beef products are not actually 100% beef)?
Who makes your burgers?
What do you feed your cattle?
Do you use free range meat?
Do your beef patties contain onion?
Is your meat washed in ammonia?
Is there any horse meat in your burgers?
What is the fat percentage in your beef patties?
Do McDonald's burgers contain beef from lots of different cows?
Do you use steroids or artificial hormones on the cows used for your beef products?
What do you use as a binding agent for your burgers, to stop it from falling apart?
Is the BBQ sauce suitable for vegetarians?
Is the Spicy Veggie Wrap suitable for people with egg allergies?
Do the Chicken Selects® have yeast in the coating?
Which products on your menu contain soya and kidney beans?
Do your apple pies contain cinnamon?
Why don't you serve lactose free food?
Does your food contain nuts?
What products are safe for people with a nut allergy?
Where can I find all your latest allergen information?
Do any of your products contain E numbers, additives or preservatives?
Do any of your products contain gelatine?
Do you use any equivalent to MSG in your products?
What is 'Genetically Modified Organisms' and due you use them in your hamburgers?
Do you use alcohol or gelatine in your frappes?
What type of alcohol is used to extract the carrageenan used in McFlurry®?
Do any of your products contain alcohol?
Does McDonald's Ice cream products contain alcohol or non-vegetarian fats?
Have any of your recipes ever previously contained ammonia?
Do you use GM ingredients?
Are there any vegetarian wraps in the 'wraps of the day' offer?
Do your wraps of the day ever change?
What vegetarian products do you sell?
What sweet snacks do you serve?
What size soft drinks do you serve?
What 'side' products do you serve?
What size 'set' meals do you offer?
How much do the items cost on the saver menu?
What items are on the saver menu?
Do the salads all come in one size?
What types of salads do you serve?
Why can't you use newspaper vouchers in restaurant drive thrus?
What days are the McDonald's £1.99 meal vouchers in the Metro?
Why don't you serve McGriddles on your breakfast menu?
When was the tropical milkshake released in the U.K. and when was it stopped?
Can you bring sweet chilli chicken sandwiches back?
Can I buy the toffee sauce you use in your sundaes?
Why do McDonald's only serve toffee and strawberry sundae's in the UK - and not chocolate?
When was the McDonald's Saver Menu created?
Why can't I order a small pot of Big Mac® sauce with my meal?
Where can I get your sweet curry sauce from?
Do you sell Big Tasty sauce?
When did McDonald's introduce salads to the menu?
Why was the Saver Menu developed?
Can you swap a soft drink for a coffee when buying an extra value meal?
Why did you stop offering free tea and coffee refills?
Why did you stop selling the Big Tasty?
Can you provide information on McDonald's research and development?
Do McDonald's offer a loyalty scheme?
How much does it cost for a Medium Fries?
Why don't you serve the main menu in the morning?
Can you introduce the double Quarter Pounder™ onto the U.K. menu?
When is McLobster coming to the U.K. menu?
Can frozen Coca-Cola® / frozen Sprite be introduced to the U.K. market?
What is in the 1955 burger sauce and can I order it from anywhere?
Are there any plans to introduce a plain burger with no sauce or salad to the menu?
Can customers create new product ideas?
When will the Big Tasty promotion be returning?
Has McDonald's in the U.K. ever served pizzas?
Why aren't Mozzarella Dippers a permanent menu item?
What's the next product promotion?
How much is the Breakfast Wrap?
Why is your food so cheap if you make it from 100% beef from British and Irish farms?
How much do your breakfast products cost?
Why do prices vary from restaurant to restaurant?
Do all McDonald's restaurants have standard prices?
Why are promotional McFlurry® more expensive than the standard ones?
How much do your fries cost?
How much does it cost for a Happy Meal®?
Why do prices vary so much from country to country?
What's the price of your white coffee?
When are you bringing back the potato wedges?
Why did McDonald's remove the 'Super Size' option in the UK?
Why do you no longer sell the McRib®?
Why don't you sell the double Quarter Pounder™s any longer?
When will when will you next be running a Coca-Cola® glass promotion?
When is the Crème Egg McFlurry® available from and until?
What will the next McFlurry® be?
How long does the promotional McFlurry® usually run for?
Has McDonald's run a promotional Cadburys Mini Egg McFlurry® in the past?
Are there plans to bring back the McChicken® Premiere?
Are there any plans to bring back root beer?
Does McDonald's have a secret menu?
How do you product test new products?
Do you have any plans to introduce any lamb based products?
Do you provide mustard with your meals?
Why don't McDonald's offer extras on their burgers?
What's the estimated waiting time for food once ordered?
Where can I download a McDonald's menu?
Are there any elements of your menu that are standardised globally?
Why don't you sell hot wings in the UK?
Can I ask for the Sausage and Egg McMuffin® without egg?
When is the saver menu available?
Why don't McDonald's sell hot dogs?
Why is the McDonald's menu different in different countries?
What exactly is an Extra Value Meal?
Do you have any plans to serve the limited edition McRib® again?
Can I ask for an extra topping on my McFlurry®?
Why is a McFlurry® called a McFlurry®?
Will you be bringing back the M Burger?
When will the Great Taste of America burgers be back?
When will The Signature Collection™ burgers be back?
What's the full range of burgers in The Signature Collection™ promotion?
What promotions are currently running?
What's the McDonald's promotion?
Can I buy a toy from the Happy Meal® promotion?
What Happy Meal® promotion is up next?
What Happy Meal® toy is on offer?
Do you ever listen to customers before deciding what promotion to run?
How far in advance do you decide on a promotion?
What future promotions do you have planned?
What type of promotions do you run?
How often do you run promotions?
How long do promotions run for?
How do you select what promotions will run?
What size milkshakes do you serve?
What flavour milkshakes do you serve?
What McFlurry® options do you serve?
How do I collect my tokens towards my free coffee?
What's the value of the free coffee I will receive as part of the loyalty scheme?
How much money do I need to spend before I receive a free one as part of the loyalty scheme?
How many coffees do I need to buy before I can receive a free one as part of the loyalty scheme?
Why does McDonald's have a coffee loyalty scheme, but not a food based loyalty scheme?
Does McDonald's have a loyalty scheme?
Do you sell gift vouchers?
What ice cream products do you serve?
What hot drinks do you serve?
What are your lower calorie food options?
Why do you put gherkins in all your burgers?
Can I ask for extra gherkins with my food?
Do you serve boxes of gherkins in your restaurants?
Can I get a garlic mayo dip with my order?
When did McDonald's introduce fruit bags to the menu?
Can you order fries without salt?
Why don't you serve a double Filet-o-Fish® anymore?
What fish products do you serve?
Do you offer a discount for the Emergency Services?
Will you be bringing back the Mixed Berry Starburst Milkshake?
Do you have any plans to introduce Dr. Pepper to your menu?
Is it possible to purchase McDonald's tea bags for home use?
Why can I never get a Vanilla milkshake when you have a promotional shake running?
Why is a free cup of coffee only offered in a regular size when I always buy large?
Why doesn't McDonald's restaurants in the U.K. sell beer like European restaurants?
Can I purchase McDonald's coffee beans to use at home?
Why are there no Shamrock Shakes in the UK?
Do you serve decaffeinated coffee in your restaurants?
Will the cinnamon doughnuts ever return?
Does it cost extra for the dips?
Is it possible to purchase the curry sauce from your supplier?
What cold drinks do you serve?
What different portion sizes do you have for the Chicken Selects®?
What different portion sizes do you have for chicken nuggets?
What chicken products do you serve?
Why do customers get free refills for one drink in the USA, whereas the UK only offers free refills after 6 drinks?
How many ml are in your small, medium and large fizzy soft drinks?
What size drink do you get with the extra value meal?
When did McDonald's introduce the Chicken Legend® to the menu?
Do McDonald's still serve 20 and 50 piece McNuggets®?
What's the recipe of the Chicken Premiere sauce?
Why aren't Cheese Melt Dippers served all year round?
It is possible to have a Big Mac with two quarter pounder burgers?
Is it possible to have bunless burgers on the menu?
Why don't you serve Belgian Bliss Brownies anymore?
Do McDonald's have any plans to introduce all day breakfast?
Is it possible to order a milkshake with a breakfast menu?
When is the Big Tasty back?
When will the Mega Mac return to the menu?
Will you be bringing back the BCO burger?
What chemicals do McDonald's use to clean the toilets in their restaurants?
How do you keep your toilets clean?
Are all employees required to wear hats in the kitchen?
Do all your employees wear gloves when handling and preparing food?
What are McDonald's health and safety regulations?
Can you share some information on McDonald's health and safety policies?
Do employees require food hygiene certificates before they work for you, or do they gain them after they start working for McDonald's?
Do you have a policy on heating peoples own food that they bring in?
What personal hygiene policy do you have in place at McDonald's?
Who supplies your breakfast muffins?
Who are the main suppliers/distributors for McDonald's U.K.?
How do you manage to your inventory with the use of technology?
Who are McDonald's suppliers?
Why do you want to achieve long-term relationships with suppliers?
Does McDonald's pay its suppliers fairly?
How do I become a McDonald's supplier?
Do your suppliers deliver directly to restaurants or to a central warehouse prior to distribution?
Where are your factories?
Where do all McDonald's ingredients come from?
Where do you source your tomatoes and emmental cheese from?
Why does McDonald's source onions from the US?
Where are your tortillas sourced from?
Where do the lettuce and buns come from?
Could you provide information on the supplier of your coffee beans?
Where does McDonald's source the ingredients for its hamburgers?
Does McDonald's offer a home delivery service?
Is there a minimum spend for McDelivery?
How can I cancel my McDelivery order?
Can I cancel my McDelivery order?
How does McDelivery work?
How will I know if the driver delivering my McDelivery is legit?
Can I order any food from the McDonald's menu via McDelivery?
What has Uber Eats got to do with McDelivery?
Who actually fulfils the orders - McDonald's or Uber eats?
How long does it take for my food to arrive once my order is confirmed?
What is McDelivery?
Can I order food at any time via McDelivery?
Can I order food from any McDonald's restaurant?
How much does it cost to get my food delivered?
Do you deliver food orders?
Is there a minimum spend for Click&Collect?
I ordered my food via Click &Collect but was made to wait for a long time to collect it. Who can I speak to, and how?
Am I guaranteed a table when I order via Click&Collect?
Does it cost any more to use Click&Collect?
Do I need to specify a precise time that I want to collect my food when ordered via Click&Collect?
How is my Click&Collect food kept warm until I collect it?
When I place my Click&Collect order, do I need to specify if I want to eat in the restaurant or take away?
How can I cancel my Click&Collect order?
Can I cancel my Click&Collect order?
How long do I need to wait from placing my order via Click&Collect and picking it up?
What's the benefit of me using Click & Collect?
What is Click&Collect?
Do all restaurants offer the Click&Collect service?
How does Click&Collect work?
Are there any McCafé® outlets in the U.K.?
Does McDonald's offer a free coffee to pensioners when they make an order (as you do in Australia)?
What's is the process for making a McDonald's coffee?
What type of coffee does McDonald's use?
What sizes are your medium and large cappuccinos?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the black coffee?
Is the content on the tablet 100% child-friendly?
What content is on the tablet?
Is there a time limit for how long I can use a tablet?
Can I reserve a tablet with my Table Service order?
Can I reserve a tablet with my Click&Collect order?
How many tablets are there in the restaurant?
Do I have to sit in a specific area if I want to use a tablet?
Is it free to use the tablets?
How can I find out if my local restaurant has tablets?
Do you have tablets at all restaurants?
Is it possible to reserve a table in any of your restaurants?
Which London restaurants aren't franchised and what is the ratio of franchised to non-franchised in UK?
How do you decide where to open a new restaurant?
How many restaurants are there in Northern Ireland?
Why do some restaurants charge for Ketchup and some don't?
Can mobility scooters use a Drive-Thru?
Why doesn't McDonald's have catering vans in streets?
Is there anywhere I can buy your restaurant furniture from?
How many restaurants are there in Wales?
How many outlets are there in Scotland?
What McDonald's 'hair net' policy?
Where are the most popular McDonald's restaurants in the U.K.?
Are mopeds allowed through Drive Thrus?
What are your service policies for Drive Thru lanes?
How long should restaurants keep their cooked products before discarding them?
What technology does McDonald's use to help provide a speedy service?
When did McDonald's first restaurant open in the U.K.?
What's the waiting time for an order placed at a Drive Thru?
Are bicycles allowed through Drive Thru?
How many restaurants are there in London?
What music do you play in your restaurants?
How can I access the Wi-Fi in restaurants?
Do you have a time limit on serving time?
What time does McDonald's open?
Can I pay using my credit card?
Is there a minimum spend using a debit or credit card?
Why does McDonald's have parking restrictions in some restaurants?
Do you provide electric charging points at any of your restaurants?
Are you planning to put self service tills in all restaurants?
Do your restaurants have self-service facilities?
What's a magic floor?
What's a play table?
Is it free to use the play area?
How can I find my nearest restaurant with a play area?
Do you have play areas at all restaurants?
Is there a minimum spend before I can charge my phone in a McDonald's restaurant?
Can I charge my tablet in a McDonald's restaurant?
Why don't you have a single queue system (for people ordering for just one person)?
What time does McDonald's close near me?
How can I find out which restaurants are open 24/7?
Are all restaurants open 24/7?
How can I find out what time McDonald's opens near me?
What time do restaurants open?
Do you have high chairs in your restaurants?
Can you serve pedestrians at Drive Thrus?
Will McDonald's staff mix milkshake flavours?
Why do some McDonald's restaurants sell sauce portions in sachets rather than dip pots?
How can I find out which McDonald's restaurants have disabled toilets?
Do you have disabled toilets?
Does it cost any more to use the drive thru service?
Do all McDonald's have a drive thru service?
How can I find out which McDonald's have drive thrus?
Do you still offer kitchen tours at McDonald's birthday parties?
How do I book a children's birthday party in a McDonald's restaurant?
Is there a maximum number of people who I can invite to a McDonald's birthday party?
Is there an age limit for a McDonald's birthday party?
Does it cost extra for a McDonald's birthday party?
What happens at a McDonald's birthday party?
Do McDonald's still hold children's parties?
How do you cater for deaf customers?
How can I find out if my local restaurant has wheelchair access?
Do all McDonald's restaurants have wheelchair access?
What does WWRT COE stand for (on the cash registers)?
Can you provide information on McDonald's logistics, supply chain and distribution strategies?
What cleaning products are used to clean the inside of your coffee machines?
Can you provide some information on your operations process in your restaurants?
Where does McDonald's purchase it's equipment from?
How does McDonald's operate in terms of channels, sub sectors, location and support?
How many distribution centres do you have in the country and where are they?
How much does it cost to produce one piece of packaging?
What are the five main departments in operation at McDonald's?
What effect does your business have on LEDCs?
What design software does McDonald's use to create its packaging?
Where can I find some general information on McDonald's worldwide?
What inventory techniques do McDonald's use?
What are McDonald's general and operational goals?
How is technology used to maintain or improve McDonald's competitiveness?
Do McDonald's have a safety policy for unloading delivery lorries?
What are your hygiene and cleanliness policies?
What is the standard of cleanliness in McDonald's restaurants?
What is the standard of cleanliness in McDonald's children play areas?
Does McDonald's regularly clean machinery and equipment to check everything is working correctly?
How do I organise a children's birthday party at McDonald's?
How often do you change the Happy Meal® theme?
Can you provide information on McDonald's birthday parties, and how much it costs?
How much does a Happy Meal® cost?
Can you buy Happy Meal® toys online?
Are there plans to bring back the Hello Kitty Happy Meal®s?
Can you offer the chicken mayo in the kids Happy Meal®?
Do all your Happy Meal®s contain dairy and egg?
What happens to the Happy Meal® toys once a promotion ends?
Can you buy a toy on its own or do you have to buy a Happy Meal®?
What's included in a Happy Meal®?
Can you give me some nutritional information about the Happy Meal®?
Can I change any of the items in a Happy Meal®?
Do you sell a Happy Meal® that's suitable for vegetarians?
What products are in the Happy Meal®?
Is there a limit to how many people I can bring to a family event?
How can I find out what family events are running at McDonald's restaurants near me?
How often do you run family events?
Are family events free to participate in?
What family events do you run?
Can I pre-order food for a birthday party?
Do you serve vegetables?
What vegan products do you sell?
How much ketchup do you use in the U.K. per year?
What is McDonald's tax code?
Do McDonald's sponsor events by way of donation?
Do McDonald's support the Jewish United Fund?
How do you deal with language barriers in your company?
Who is the CEO of McDonald's?
Are the drive thru menus the same as the restaurant menus?
Do you offer vouchers for use as prizes?
What are McDonald's future plans?
What are the commercial and non-commercial goals of McDonald's?
Could you provide information on the management style of your company?
Why is McDonald's called McDonald's?
Is it prohibited to eat non-McDonald's food at your restaurants?
How much does McDonald's U.K. spend on advertising per campaign and what is their most common platform?
Which policies does McDonald's adhere to? i.e. The Data Protection Act, Health and Safety at Work Act, Food Safety Policy, Animal Welfare, Recycling Policy and Asylum and Immigration Act
What's McDonald's basic philosophy?
How does the McDonald's Marketing Department work?
What type of market does McDonald's serve?
Could you provide information on the functional areas of McDonald's?
Why are there no prices on your website?
Why do you have to be 16 to use the £1.99 vouchers?
When did McDonald's first open a 24/7 restaurant?
Where is the biggest McDonald's restaurant?
What is the role of 'Mystery Shoppers' and when do you use them?
What are the main departments within McDonald's U.K. head office?
Who are McDonald's main competitors?
How much profit do you make a year?
What are the different areas of McDonald's activities?
Do McDonald's charge for bags in Wales - and if so, how much?
What are the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats of McDonald's?
Is Ronald McDonald still part of McDonald's in the U.K.?
Can you provide information on McDonald's performance management system and performance appraisal?
What's the purpose of McDonald's as a company?
How many customers does McDonald's serve in the U.K. every day?
How is McDonald's improving products and services, training employees and staying competitive?
What countries does McDonald's operate in?
How does McDonald's promote effective team work?
Does anyone ever actually win McDonald's Monopoly prizes?
What are five of McDonald's SMART Objectives?
What laws do McDonald's need to follow?
Who owns and manages McDonald's?
Where did the first ever McDonald's open?
What are the standard operating procedures and policies of service for McDonald's?
What's McDonald's Mission Statement?
Can you provide information on McDonald's as a company?
How many meals does McDonald's serve every day in the U.K.?
What social, economic and political pressures do McDonald's face as a company?
What's the reason that McDonald's don't sell gift vouchers?
How does McDonald's attract and retain its customers?
How do McDonald's communicate internally (i.e. with employees and stakeholders), externally (i.e. to press) and to its customers?
How many McDonald's restaurants are there in the U.K. and the world?
What's the structure of McDonald's and how each department in the organisation interacts / works together?
What are McDonald's short-term and long-term goals and objectives?
What are the business aims and objectives for McDonald's in the U.K.?
Who is your target market / audience?
How do I contact Head Office?
Where is your main research and development centre?
Why are McDonald's portions bigger in America than in the U.K.?
Can you share some information on McDonald's marketing policies?
Can you provide information on the McDonald's corporate structure?
Do your restaurants offer NHS discounts?
Why don't you have McDonald's burger van at big events?
Can you provide information on strategies and critical success factors?
Can you provide information on the McDonald's customer profile?
What competitive strategies to McDonald's employ?
How much does McDonald's spend a year on advertising to children?
What type of management techniques do you use?
Who are your stakeholders?
Do you recycle?
What does the Rainforest Alliance mean?
Where can I find the product prices?
Can I redeem my prize in any McDonald's restaurant?
I wasn't given the Monopoly cup with my order - what can I do?
I'm confused about the Monopoly rules - can you help me out?
What systems does McDonald's have in place for quality control?
Do you serve fruit?
Are employee discount cards valid in different countries?
What are McDonald's customer facing objectives?
When did McDonald's begin CSR activities?
What's the address and phone number for McDonald's head office address?
What's the phone number for McDonald's human resources?
Do McDonald's work with local charities - and if so, can they request help directly?
How many calories are in a regular BBQ Chicken Legend® meal with a Vanilla Milkshake?
Is it a health risk to use pre-cooked bacon?
How do problems with availability of raw material impact supply chain?
Can you tell me about the welfare standards of the cows McDonald's uses in it's beef products?
Can you tell me about the welfare standards of the chickens McDonald's uses for it's eggs?
Why do you use battery farmed chickens?
Are your cows fed on grass or corn?
Are animals stunned before slaughter?
What are McDonald's animal welfare standards and policies?
How do I stop the Search Agent (position alert) emails?
I’ve received a text telling me to check my emails, but the email hasn’t come through. What should I do?
Why can’t I log in?
How do I sign in to my account?
What training is given to Trainee Managers and how long does it last for?
Does McDonald's promote its employees?
What should I wear to work?
What type of shifts will I be doing and how many?
What contracts does McDonald's offer?
What are the pay rates at McDonald's?
If I’m not successful can I apply again?
What documents should I provide as proof of eligibility to work in the UK?
What shall I wear to the interview?
How long will it take for someone to contact me?
Can I complete a paper application instead of the online application?
What if I don’t have my own computer or email account?
Why is my local restaurant not showing any vacancies?
How long will it take to apply online?
Can I apply for more than one vacancy?
Is your online application process secure?
How old do you need to be to work at McDonald's?
How long does the recruitment process take?
How do I apply for a vacancy at McDonald's?
Can I apply for a job at McDonald's if I'm 16?
What are the physical requirements of a crew member?
Where can I buy footwear for work at McDonald's?
Can staff wear long sleeved tops under their uniform?
Do staff have to buy their own uniform?
What does SOC stand for?
What's your policy on piercings?
What's your jewellery policy?
What uniform do your managers wear?
Can staff order more uniform?
Do you allow your employees to alter their uniform for religious reasons?
Do your staff wear gloves?
What's your policy on employees having tattoos?
Are employees allowed to wear nose rings?
Are staff members allowed to wear warm clothing in restaurants?
What size are your uniforms available in?
Why are staff not allowed to accept tips from customers?
What does the average McDonald's employee earn?
Does McDonald's pay employees more on their birthday?
How much are apprentices paid?
How much sick pay do McDonald's pay?
What's the minimum number of working hours per day and per week for McDonald's employees?
Are employees paid premium rates for working undesirable hours on days such as Christmas Eve and Boxing Day? Or for working anti-social through the night or at weekends?
What is the average annual salary of a UK Shift Manager at McDonald's?
What is the average salary of a McDonald's restaurant employee?
What payroll system is McDonald's currently using?
How many types of Managers does one restaurant have?
How many staff members should work on an overnight shift ?
Why do think it is important to support and help improve crew performance?
What's the role of a Marketing Manager?
What is the People Stuff on Our Lounge?
What does an employee have to do to receive the employee of the month award?
How often does McDonald's pay it's staff?
Do all McDonald's employees receive a pay rise after 6 months?
Do McDonald's offer additional pay on Sundays or Bank Holidays?
Do you sponsor employees to work in America?
Can you provide information on the recruitment process at each stage?
Is there a copy of the McDonald's recruitment document available to download?
Why is the turnover so high for McDonald's employees, and why are working hours so low for full time staff?
Do McDonald's employees receive maternity pay if their maternity leave has finished?
Can I get a working visa to come to the UK and work for McDonald's?
Are some of you stores operating a 'no rehire' policy?
Can you provide information of how I can log onto the Ourlounge site?
Can you provide information on the staff meal allowance rules and the bonus/service award schemes?
What advice is given to your store managers to cover sick pay due to an injury at work?
How do I receive holiday pay that I am entitled to after leaving the job?
What's the minimum working hours in a part-time position?
How do employees get promoted within McDonald's?
What prospects do I have working at McDonald's?
How can I become a McDonald's delivery driver?
What's your staff turnover?
Where do I need to complete my hygiene and safety online test?
Can ex-employees of McDonald's apply for a job again?
Are McDonald's employees allowed to join trade unions?
Is there a probationary period for a crew member?
Are there currently any job vacancies at McDonald's?
Where can I find out about employment opportunities?
How can I apply for a job in McDonald's U.K.?
What does a crew trainer do?
What's the job description of a crew member?
Does McDonald's have a harassment & bullying policy in it's restaurants?
What are your discipline and grievance procedures for a crew member?
What's a McDonald's foundation course?
How do you think you could further promote your teamwork around the workplace?
How many people with disabilities or special needs do McDonald's permanently employ?
What do you wear to the welcome meeting?
What do McDonald's class as full time and part time hours?
Do you provide transport for your employees to get home after a specified time?
For employees, how many points do you get towards your meal allowance working an eight hour shift?
Does McDonald's pay for maternity leave?
How flexible are your working hours?
What do the McDonald's employee stars mean and how do you earn them?
Does McDonald's use zero hour contracts?
How do I know if I'm entitled to holiday pay?
What are McDonald's policies on holiday pay?
Can employees choose not to work on Bank Holidays?
What policies do McDonald's have on religious prayer?
How does McDonald's cater for non-English speaking people from different cultures?
Are crew members entitled to a pay rise if they complete the Customer Care course?
What are the Business Manager's responsibilities?
What is the difference between a crew member and a member of staff?
What is McDonald's approach / policy for diversity in its U.K. workforce?
What kind of training do you provide?
What percentage of your employees are female and under 20?
Can you provide information on the employment regulations?
What are the minimum hours for a crew member?
Can you work at McDonald's if you have self-harm scars?
What is McDonald's culture like?
What type of questions do you ask at an interview?
Do McDonald's give a written contract of employment to new crew members?
Do McDonald's arrange any social activities for employees to get involved in outside of work?
Can siblings work at the same restaurant?
What is the average length of employment for entry level crew members?
I work for McDonald's - how can I take my health and safety test?
How do staff shift patterns work?
How many people does McDonald's employ across the UK?
Do staff receive any discounts or offers on gym or fitness club memberships?
Are McDonald's employees offered discounted food and drink when they are not working?
What does a McDonald's Foundation Degree involve?
What does a McDonald's Diploma in Shift Management involve?
Do you take people on work experience?
Why does your online job application process require applicants to complete a psychometric test?
What qualifications do you offer employees?
What qualifications are needed to work at McDonald's?
What skills are needed to work at McDonald's?
Can I work nights if I am under 18 years old?
What is the average age of a McDonald's employee?
At what age can you start working at McDonald's?
How do McDonald's combat the negative media and bad press it receives?
Am I able to enter into a McDonald's Franchise with my business partner?
I want to franchise overseas, do I complete this application form?
Will I be able to sell my business in the future?
Will I have to work in the business full-time or can I have a manager to look after my store?
Can I set up the franchise in my own property?
Can I have more than one store?
What do I get for my money?
What percentage (and number) of restaurants are owned by franchisees?
I want to own a franchise but don't know where to start. Can you help?
Where can I find out about the franchise application process?
