Yes, but only without the bun of course. The  Pepper & Pesto Goujon itself has no gluten containing ingredients and is cooked in a separate fryer, away from other ingredients containing gluten. However, due to our kitchen set up, we cannot gua...
Our Fries are certified as being suitable for vegans. The  Red Pepper & Pesto Goujons have been approved as suitable for vegetarians by the Vegetarian Society. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K...
Unfortunately, we don't have enough space in our kitchens to accommodate the cooking and preparation of our breakfast and main menus at the same time.
Items on our breakfast menu are cooked slightly differently and at a different temperature from items on our main menu. This means we don't have enough space in our kitchens to accommodate the cooking and preparation of our breakfast and main menus...
Unfortunately there is limited space in our kitchens and in all our restaurants we have the maximum amount of grills that can fit.
A clean shaven appearance is preferred. Beards, moustaches and sideburns are allowed but should be short, neat, tidy and clean. If your beard cannot be trimmed for genuine religious, cultural or medical grounds or if you’re handling food, e.g. wo...
Only a handful of McDonald's restaurants open on Christmas Day, please refer to the restaurant locator to confirm if your local restaurant is open during the Christmas period and what times they are trading.
In an effort to make sure there are always parking spaces available for our customers, we have parking restrictions in place at our restaurants. These parking restrictions are managed by one of two industry-approved operators, MET Parking Ltd and U...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including salt) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allerg...
Neither, our round eggs used in the tasty McMuffin products are actually steamed.
Every delicious drop of milk we use for our tea, coffee and Happy Meal Milk Bottle is sourced from UK dairy farms. You can find out more about the milk we use
We're serious about our coffee. That's why every freshly-ground McCafé® coffee we serve uses 100% responsibly-sourced Arabica beans grown on Rainforest Alliance Certified™ farms.
We have a wide range of dips and sauces available, to see the full range and their nutritional information you can click here and select the Condiments and Sauces group.
We start making your food the moment you check in to the restaurant by scanning the QR code located near the ordering area, that way we make sure it's served hot.
No password required! All you need to do is select the Wi-Fi network and enter your name and email to get access.
Yes, our Wi-Fi is free to use in restaurants.
We're sorry to hear that, please get in touch with our customer service team here. so that we can look into this further.
This depends on which one of our restaurants you visit. In some restaurants you will be asked to specify which zone you are sitting in when you complete your order. In others, you will be asked to take a tent card with you so that our crew members can ...
No, there is no expectation at all. It is at the customers discretion if they would like to give a tip.
No, there is no additional charge to using table service.
You can choose where you would like to sit. In some of our restaurants we have specific zones and you will need to specify where you're sitting when you complete your order. In other restaurants you may need to take a tent card to your table so that ou...
We endeavour to get your order to you as fast as we can. However, some orders may take longer than others depending on how big the order is.
Simply order your meal at the front counter or via one of our ordering screens and select table service. Then find a table in your chosen zone or take a tent card so that our crew member knows where you're sitting. If you've ordered your meal over the ...
There are no time limits but if required we may operate a rotation system to prevent over-crowding.
We manage the area but we do not directly supervise the children – this remains the responsibility of the parent / caregiver with the child. To ensure all children have a fun experience, please monitor your child's behaviour.
No need, just turn up and let the kids have fun.
The size and type of equipment provided will vary depending on which restaurant you visit. But, they usually include climbing elements, crawl through sections and a slide, plus activity panels for younger children.
Yes you can, many of our restaurants now include phone charging and free Wi-Fi.
Easy, just use out restaurant locator here.
Our restaurants open at a variety of times across the UK, with over 600 of them open 24/7. To confirm the opening times for your local restaurant, please use our restaurant locator here.
Our restaurants open at a variety of times across the UK, with over 600 of them open 24/7. To confirm the opening times for your local restaurant, please use our restaurant locator here.
No, we don’t currently offer a discount to police officers. Any discounts are offered at the restaurant managers discretion.
For McFlurry® lids, we’re moving away from non-recycled polystyrene plastic to a recyclable polyethylene lid which is made of 40% recycled content. This move will introduce more recycled content into our packaging as well as increase the number of rec...
Recycling shouldn’t be a chore. That’s why we’ve tried to make it easier for you. Since 2015 we’ve installed recycling units in over 1,000 of our UK restaurants, so it’s easier to separate your paper cups and plastics for recycling. Our paper cups are ...
We take great pride in our local environment and that's why we've been working hard for more than 30 years to try and reduce the amount of litter on our streets. We were the first restaurant company to introduce litter patrols in the UK - employees go...
No, we don't currently offer a discount to police officers. Any discounts are offered at the restaurant managers discretion.
We don't want to become more expensive, it's that simple. Adding extra ingredients to existing products would inflate their cost and we believe it's really important to remain a great value breakfast destination. However, we do offer customers the chan...
Why, yes. You'll be pleased to hear that our breakfast range does include a number of options - for example Oatso Simple Porridge, which can be served with water instead of milk upon request, Toasted Bagels, Fruit Bags and Tropicana Orange Juice. You c...
McDonald's® supports the Government’s ambition to reduce the amount of sugar in peoples’ diets. Over the past 10 years we have broadened our menu and provided more information to help you make the choice that is right for you. We have also been working...
Over the years, we've heard some funny and far-fetched stories about how our burgers are made. But the truth is very simple. Our butchers prepare cuts of beef that have come from the forequarter and flank. They are minced, shaped into our famous pattie...
During certain parts of the year when the lettuce has taken a long time to grow, a food grade nitrogen is added to the bags upon sealing. This slows the respiration and maintains the freshness, and is referred to as a modified atmosphere, not an ingred...
Our Filet-o-Fish® patty is cooked separately from meat items in 100% vegetable oil. However, due to the design of the oil filtration system, during the oil filtering process, there is a small chance the oil used to cook our fish patties can come into c...
We have no plans to introduce gluten-free buns to our menu at the moment. However, you can request cooked burger patties without the bun if you like. In addition to our Fries, we have a number of other options on our menu that also have no gluten conta...
Our French Fries are famous around the world for a reason. To make them the potatoes are washed, peeled and cut before being prepared, frozen and sent to stores. Once at the store they are cooked to order in a blend of sunflower and rapeseed oil and a ...
McDonald's UK French Fries are made by McCain's using Russet Burbank, Pentland Dell and Shepody potatoes, which are chosen for their quality, taste and long shape when cut. The fries are not coated in any fats or substances from an animal. Once at the ...
Good question. To ensure that our oil is free from crumbs and food debris, and to retain its quality, our cooking vats are periodically filtered using specially designed filtration equipment. The Apple pie vat is filtered first, followed by chicken, an...
Thanks for your question. McDonald's believes that the national obesity issue is a shared responsibility, and a complex one. The Company's starting point has been to look at recipe improvements and providing parents with all the nutritional facts. That...
We only use 100% British and Irish beef from quality-assured farms, and only whole cuts of forequarter and flank from approved abattoirs across the U.K. and Ireland. Furthermore, all of our beef is traceable from farm to restaurant. You can find a full...
There are two different BBQ dips on our menu: Our Smoky BBQ Dip, which is served with Chicken Selects® in 50g pots and our BBQ Dip, which is served in 25ml dip pots or at our condiment counters for you to help yourself. The Smoky BBQ Dip in the 50g pot...
Milkshakes are not included in the deal, but you can swap the soft drink for a Milkshake for a small additional charge. For pricing information, please ask our friendly crew members while ordering or download the McDonald's app.
For our 2018 Great Tastes of America promotion, we have included The New York Stack, The Chicago Stack, The Tex Mex Stack, The Tennessee Stack and The Ranch California Chicken.
For the foreseeable future, we have no plans to end our scheme.
Yes. You can order a Frappe instead of a soft drink as part of an Extra Value Meal for a small additional charge. Prices can be confirmed while ordering at the restaurant or via the McDonald's app.
Yes! We want to give you exactly what you're after, so wherever possible your request will be accommodated. Just don't go asking for ice cream in your Chicken Legend® or anything.
We care about where our food comes from. We really care. That's why we work with over 23,000 British and Irish farmers to source our ingredients. Our beef, eggs and milk all come from UK farms. As does our pork. When in season our lettuce is sourced lo...
We use a variety of different cheeses from various European countries, depending on whether these are core menu or promotional products. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our ...
Our mops and buckets are specifically colour coded for use in different areas of the restaurant, red for the kitchen and blue for everywhere else. Furthermore, floor cleaning solution is discarded and refreshed regularly to maximise effectiveness of cl...
All McDonald's restaurants in the U.K. use cleaning chemicals provided by Kay Chemical, part of the Ecolab group. They have confirmed that no cleaning products sourced from animals are used to clean any utensils in our restaurants.
You can find some information on our history here.
McDonald's in the UK use Leo Burnett for their advertising. We also work with TMS and Armadillo for certain advertising campaigns. All agencies go through a tendering process to become a supplier to McDonald's.
The number of Monopoly stickers depends on the menu item ordered. All rules and regulations can be found on the Monopoly website when the promotion is live.
We take our social responsibilities very seriously. For example, we're always looking for ways to reduce, reuse and recycle in our restaurants and across our whole business. For example, we use low energy LED light bulbs, energy saving equipment and wa...
All chickens are reared in sheds with access to daylight, perching and pecking objects. Every ounce of chicken breast meat we use is sourced from approved suppliers who must have a fully transparent and integrated supply chain. This ensures that all as...
This will be every two weeks for hourly paid employees and monthly for salaried employees. Please note, this may differ for franchised restaurants.
There are a number of discounts available on the Employee Discount site from over 800 retailers. To access them, please click here.
We ensure that our pay rates remain competitive. All our hourly paid people earn above the national minimum wage, and together with our franchisees we have announced three pay rises since April 2016. We also offer a wide range of benefits, including an...
We ensure that our pay rates remain competitive. All our hourly paid people always earn above the national minimum wage, and together with our franchisees we have announced three pay rises since April 2016. We also offer a wide range of benefits, inclu...
Not at all. Anybody with the right attitude and a commitment to providing the best in customer service is welcome to apply for a position at McDonald's. There is no minimum qualifications needed to join McDonald's and we welcome new team members from a...
We ensure that our pay rates remain competitive. All our hourly paid people earn above the national minimum wage, and together with our franchisees we have announced three pay rises since April 2016. We also offer a wide range of benefits, including an...
Benefits we offer all our employees include training programmes, flexible working options and opportunities for career progression and personal development. Other benefits include: Discounts and exclusive offers with over 800 retailers, free meals whil...
Our Apprenticeship Programme is open to all current employees and those who don't currently work for McDonald's. If you are aged 16+ and have left or are leaving school, the McDonald's Apprenticeship Programme could be for you – you’ll need good commun...
We ensure that our pay rates remain competitive. All our hourly paid people earn above the national minimum wage, and together with our franchisees we have announced three pay rises since April 2016. We also offer a wide range of benefits, including an...
We ensure that our pay rates remain competitive. All our hourly paid people earn above the national minimum wage, and together with our franchisees we have announced three pay rises since April 2016. We also offer a wide range of benefits, including an...
Yes, we do recycle the used cooking oil from our kitchens into biodiesel which is then used to fuel around 42% of our delivery fleet. However, due to more efficient frying vats the amount of used cooking oil our restaurants recycle has actually decreas...
As the macro environment constantly evolves we monitor key industry wide indicators which give McDonald's an understanding of what is happening in the environment. We also explore the impact this changing environment has on our consumers so that we can...
We keep a close eye on what we sell at different times of the day, which means that restaurants only order and prepare the amount of food that is likely to be sold. As a result, our restaurants waste less than 1% of edible food stock. Unfortunately we ...
Yes. The Big Tasty box is 100% recyclable, and it is also biodegradable (but we are awaiting official accreditation in order to be able to print this on the packaging). Currently 89.5% of the U.K. primary packaging is made from renewable resources.
Currently, we recycle our cardboard packaging, milk bottles and used cooking oil. This makes up about 40% of our total waste. In addition, we send waste from over 250 restaurants to Energy from Waste facilities, which means that almost 50% of our waste...
From looking at national figures we estimate that we collect approximately 618,000 litres of used cooking oil from our 165 London restaurants, which is converted into approximately 532,000 litres of biodiesel. All of our used cooking oil is taken to a ...
Environmental issues are always changing, McDonald's recognises the need to protect and preserve the environment and has analysed every aspect of the business about the impact on the environment. As a result of this, environmental action plans have bee...
Currently, we recycle our cardboard packaging, milk bottles and used cooking oil. This makes up about 40% of our total waste. In addition, we send waste from over 250 restaurants to Energy from Waste facilities, which means that almost 50% of our waste...
We recycle the used cooking oil from our kitchens into biodiesel, which we use to fuel more than half of our delivery trucks. We do it by collecting used cooking oil from our restaurants. At a processing facility in Liverpool, the oil is left to settle...
We are aware of the potential harm that balloons may cause in coastal areas to marine wildlife, as well as the additional litter generated when they are irresponsibly discarded or released. We have worked with our suppliers to ensure that all balloons ...
Plastic toys are hard to recycle and the solutions are not consistent across the UK. We are working hard to support the infrastructure to make this easier for our customers, but for now, please check with your local authority recycling site.
McDonald's takes its environmental responsibility. With packaging specifically, we are aiming to reduce its impact through improving design and increasing the use of renewable resources. Changing the design of materials and packaging, can stop waste fr...
We believe it's important for everyone to help protect and preserve the environment for future generations, and we're always looking for ways to reduce, reuse and recycle in our restaurants and across our whole business. We employ over 87,500 people in...
You can find information about McDonald's environmental policies and practices here.
In our kitchens we separate around 180kg of food waste a week which goes to anaerobic digestion, composting or rendering. In the dining area we don't separate food waste as trials we've run in the past showed the customers didn't want to do so - instea...
We employ around 120,000 people in the UK, so if each of them works in a more energy-efficient way we have the opportunity to make a big difference. Our people are keen to do their bit for the environment, so we've trained our staff members on differen...
As a business, we're keen to minimise our impact on the environment. As part of this, we're always looking at new ways to reduce our water consumption in restaurants. The waterless urinals which have been installed in over 750 of our restaurants are a ...
Our Big Mac packaging is made from carton board with the middle layer from recycled sources (around 70%) and the outside layer from controlled wood forestry sources.
McDonald's has a legal obligation to implement the 5p carrier bag levies where these apply (Northern Ireland, Wales and Scotland). Customers have the choice of paying for a bag, having no bag or using their own - although we ask them to make sure it i...
You can find information about McDonald's environmental policies and practices here.
You'll have noticed the recycling bins in our restaurants. With your help we can recycle drinks cups and coffee cups as well as plastic items like cutlery. All the remaining waste goes to 'energy from waste' facilities where it is converted to electr...
Our 24-hour restaurants change over to the breakfast menu at 6am and serve until 11.00am. You can discover breakfast range here.
In August 2014 we launched our new Better Play programme, building on the work we've already been doing over the last 12 years to raise standards at grassroots football clubs through better safety, advice, coaching for coaches, kit, support and rec...
Sorry - due to our existing football commitments (which has seen over 25,000 new coaches qualify and over 2 million children receive better qualified football coaching) we are unable to undertake other sponsorship initiatives at this stage.
The Olympics is one of very few truly global events and we are a global company, operating in over 100 countries around the world. Many of our customers and staff love the Olympics, and our sponsorship means that they can get involved. For example, we ...
We’ve supported local football teams and clubs since 2002, in partnership with the 4 x UK Football Associations, through our grassroots football programme. The aim of which is to provide more opportunities for children of all abilities to play fo...
Take a look at here and why not sign up to the regular Football email newsletter to be the first to hear about events in your area or promotions to win football kit & equipment,...
McDonald's U.K. are committed to providing opportunities, for children and adults alike, to participate and receive qualified football coaching across the U.K. As a result, we are unable to undertake additional sponsorship initiatives as our footba...
Sorry, funding coaching course places is not currently part of our partnership with the UK Football Associations. Please keep an eye on our website, or sign up to our Football email newsletter, to be the first to hear about the latest programme initiat...
McDonald's U.K. are committed to providing opportunities, for children and adults alike, to participate and receive qualified football coaching across the U.K. As a result, we are unable to undertake additional sponsorship initiatives as our footba...
McDonald's U.K. are committed to providing opportunities, for children and adults alike, to participate and receive qualified football coaching across the U.K. As a result, we are unable to undertake additional sponsorship initiatives as our footba...
You can apply for a KickStart grant on behalf of your club, as long as they are recognised by your national FA, and have at least one team at or below junior (U18) level. Please note that you must be over 18 and involved with the club at some level, su...
McDonald's U.K. are committed to providing more opportunities for children and families to participate and receive qualified football coaching across the U.K. These opportunities are provided through the McDonald's Community Partnerships with t...
This summer we'll be organising over 50 Community Football Days across the UK; providing fun, free and informal activities for youngsters of all abilities.
Take a look here and why not sign up to the regular Football email newsletter to be the first to hear about events in your area or promotions to win football kit & equipment, si...
Since 2002, we’ve supported local football teams and clubs through our grassroots programme. We've partnered with the four UK Football Associations to provide more opportunities for children of all abilities to play football through better cl...
In a 24-hour McDonald's restaurant, our breakfast menu is served from 5am.
McDonald's is a franchise business - and it's up to each franchisee to determine when they serve breakfast until. The vast majority of U.K. restaurants stop serving breakfast at 11.00am.
Our restaurants start serving breakfast from 5am, but this can vary depending upon location. You can find locations and opening and closing times for all of our restaurants in the U.K. using our restaurant locator
The reason we don't serve breakfast all day is because the Universal Holding Cabinet (UHC) is almost at full capacity throughout the day. This means there's nowhere to store breakfast products as well as main menu items. Of course, it's up to the franc...
This offer relates to anything available on our menu after 11.00am that's listed as an Extra Value Meal or promotional meal. It includes a main such as a burger or wrap, fries or side salad and a cold drink, milkshake or coffee.
We offer students a free Cheeseburger, Mayo Chicken or McFlurry® Original with the purchase of an Extra Value Meal or Wrap Meal if they show a valid Student/NUS ID or UNiDAYs ID when ordering.
Yes, we accept all valid Student/NUS Cards with a photograph, valid end date and the name of the University, Sixth Form or College. We also accept UNiDAYS® Digital ID
Yes, a student offer can be redeemed in our Drive-thrus. However, you'll need to tell your server when placing your order and then present your card when paying for your food.
No, sorry, we don't have any nationwide student offers on our breakfast menu items.
All restaurants serve breakfast until 11.00am. If a restaurant is open 24hrs, which over 600 of them are, then breakfast will start from 5am. The rest will serve breakfast from their opening time.
In the U.K., we don't have a nationwide armed forces discount scheme. Some of our UK restaurants do offer a discount for armed forces personnel, but this is currently at the discretion of individual franchisees. Around 70% of our restaurants are owned ...
The Sausage McMuffin® with just sausage is not an official menu item. However, you can order a Sausage and Egg McMuffin® without the egg (though it still remains at the same price).
Click here here to see our breakfast menu.
Breakfast is served until 11.00am. Unfortunately, we don't have enough space in our kitchens to accommodate the cooking and preparation of our breakfast and main menus at the same time. To find out what time your local restaurant opens, search usin...
We do in fact serve some dairy free or egg free breakfast items. The English Muffin and Hash Brown, for example. To avoid dairy and egg products, you can also customize your order and ask our staff to remove the egg, butter or milk products.
Where possible, we do try to accommodate requests to personalise products to suit personal preferences.
Thanks for your question.   You can get in touch with our Customer Services team by leaving feedback on our contact us form which is available here
Thanks for your question.   You can get in touch with our Customer Services team by leaving feedback on our contact us form which is available here
Thanks for your question.   You can get in touch with our Customer Services team by leaving feedback on our contact us form which is available here
We measure customer satisfaction through a receipt based Customer Survey initiative. This looks at customers' experiences within the restaurant, along with any customer feedback provided. We're a progressive business, so we're constantly changing and e...
Thanks for your question.   You can get in touch with our Customer Services team by leaving feedback on our contact us form which is available here
Thanks for your question.   You can get in touch with our Customer Services team by leaving feedback on our contact us form which is available here
Thanks for your question.   You can get in touch with our Customer Services team by leaving feedback on our contact us form which is available here
For information on our customer service policies you can download one of our information packs here
Thanks for getting in touch. We would suggest that you give the restaurant concerned a call and ask to speak to a member of the management team there. You can find the contact information for any of our restaurants via our restaurant locator on our web...
Thanks for getting in touch. We would suggest that you give the restaurant concerned a call and ask to speak to a member of the management team there. You can find the contact information for any of our restaurants via our restaurant locator on our web...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food and drinks (including our McCafé® coffee range) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool her...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food and drinks (including Tropicana orange juice) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here<...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our triple chocolate cookie) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our toffee sundae) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloadi...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our toffee latte) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloadin...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our toasted bagel) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloadi...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allergen Booklet <...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our sugar donut) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading...
You can find You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our strawberry sundae) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including the sausage, egg and cheese bagel) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here<...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including the sausage, egg and cheese bagel) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here<...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our sauces) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our ...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allergen Booklet
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allergen Booklet
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our...
The sauce used on our Vegetable Deluxe is our Sandwich Sauce; a mayonnaise based sauce. On our Spicy Vegetable Deluxe we use Cool Mayo and Sweet Chilli Sauce.
The Spicy Veggie Wrap and Vegetable Deluxe are both suitable for vegetarians and have been approved by the Vegetarian Society.
Yes, it is. The emulsifier E471 used in some of our food including ice cream and burger buns is from a vegetable source and is suitable for vegetarians. It has been independently checked by the Vegetarian Society.
There are quite a few! The Bagel served with Flora, Philadelphia Light, Butter or Jam, Blueberry Muffin, Chocolate Muffin, Hash Browns, Oatso Simple Porridge (Plain and Apple & Cherry), Pancakes & Syrup, Chocolatey Donut, Sugar Donut, and the Triple Ch...
Yes, the Mocha Frappe is suitable for vegetarians and has been approved by the Vegetarian Society.
In the U.K. the Fish Fingers are fried in a separate fryer with the Filet-o-Fish® patty in 100% vegetable oil. This oil is filtered every day. However due to the design of the oil filtration system, during the oil filtering process, there is a small ch...
Of course. Our food is cooked and prepared following the strictest hygiene and food handling practices, and our staff are trained to follow these practices from day one. All our cooked meat, egg and vegetable products are handled using dedicated colour...
We check our ingredients with The Vegetarian Society before stating that they are suitable for vegetarians. They class shellac in the same way as they do honey and beeswax; a product from insects and therefore suitable for vegetarians.
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our vegetarian options) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or down...
McDonald's Apple Pies are made with ingredients that are suitable for vegetarians (i.e. contain no ingredients of animal origin) and they are cooked in dedicated frying vats using a non hydrogenated blend of rapeseed and sunflower oil (100% vegetable o...
Our Fruit Bags would be suitable for vegans - depending on the season, Apple & Grape, Melon or Pineapple are on sale. However we do serve several items that are suitable for people on a vegan diet. These include our French Fries which contain no in...
Our French Fries are certified as being suitable for vegans. They contain no ingredients of animal origin and are fried in 100% vegetable oil in fryers that are only used for potato and other vegetable based products. You can find a full ingredient dec...
Our Oatso Simple Plain porridge is normally made with milk however it will be suitable for vegans if it's made with water instead of milk. If you let your server know when placing your order they will be happy to arrange this for you. Other pr...
Although our main menu burger buns (Quarter Pounder™ Buns, Big Mac® Buns, Hamburger Buns) and tortilla wraps are suitable for vegetarians they may not be suitable for vegans. This is because during the toasting or steaming process in the restaurants th...
There are 7.2g of sugar and 19g of fat in a Sweet Chilli Crispy Chicken Wrap. The amount of fat and sugar differ for a Chicken Select® Meal depending on whether it's a medium or large meal and depending on which drink or side is ordered.
There are no gluten containing ingredients in our Sweet Chilli Dip.
Our pepper sachets contain 100% cracked black pepper, which we source from Vietnam.
No, the sauces used in McDonald's in the U.K. do not contain pork fat or LM10.
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our Happy Meal® products) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or do...
The salt used on our Fries in the U.K. is pure dried vacuum salt.
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our sugar content) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloadi...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading ou...
As this site has been set up for questions regarding McDonald's in the UK it is difficult for us to comment on McDonald's in other parts of the world.
Our French Fries, Hash Browns, Shaker Side Salad®, Carrot Sticks and Fruit Bags are all wheat free.
A regular Cappuccino served in our U.K. restaurants contains approximately 170ml of organic semi-skimmed milk.
Thank you for your question. We always advise our customers to discuss their diet with their midwife or medical professional if they are pregnant. However, you may like to know that all our sauces and milk products are fully pasteurised.
We advise all pregnant women to discuss any queries about what to eat during their pregnancy with their GP or midwife as advice will depend greatly on the individual. However, you may like to know that all our sauces and milk products are fully pasteur...
McDonald's ice cream does not contain egg (the milk in the ice cream is pasteurised).
In short, very little. While there's been no significant change in The Big Mac® over the last 50 years, we have made some small tweaks to improve the nutritional content.
We aim to serve every customer as quickly as possible, but since our porridge is prepared to order, waiting times can vary.
Our sausage patties are made specifically for McDonald's to a special recipe using whole cuts of British RSPCA assured pork and sage seasoning. Unfortunately it's therefore not possible to buy them from either a McDonald's restaurant or direct from our...
We don't actually cook our bacon on our grills. The bacon comes in ready cooked and it is reheated in our ovens before it is served.
The bacon comes in ready cooked and it is reheated in our ovens before being served.
Our sausage patties are made with British RSPCA Assured pork.
No, McDonald's in the U.K. does not use genetically modified (GM) products or ingredients in its food. We only use products and ingredients that meet the highest standards of quality and safety required by McDonald's and comply with legislation and the...
In short, no. The seasoning used in our Sausage Patties contains Dextrose and Glucose Syrup, which is derived from wheat. However, levels of gluten will be less than 50ppm. It's also worth noting that the seasoning is made in a factory where wheat prod...
The nutrition values per 100g for our fries are as follows: Energy = 296kcal / Protein = 3g / Carbohydrates= 37g (of which Sugars = 0.5g) / Fat = 15g (of which Saturated Fat = 1.3g) / Fibre = 3.2g / Salt = 0.5g.
There is no animal fat or LM10 in our sauces in the U.K. (Sauces sometimes contain milk products but no animal fat from meat). You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool...
There are no ingredients derived from milk or soya products in our Fish Fingers or Fries in our U.K. restaurants. Milk and soya products are used in some of our other U.K. menu items, so please let your server know your dietary requirements when placin...
A Mayo Chicken without the mayo would provide 284 kcal, 12g protein, 37g Available Carbohydrates, (Of which Sugars = 4.3g), 9.2g Fat (Of which Saturated Fats = 1.2g), 2.7g Fibre and 0.93g Salt.
We have researched brown, wholemeal and granary rolls in different burgers, none of which has researched well enough for us to launch. However, the Chicken Legend® roll is a brown bread roll which contains rye flour, malted wheat flour and wheat bran.<...
No, our Mozzarella Dippers do not contain any egg products and yes, the cheese is suitable for vegetarians. However, we don't list them as a vegetarian option due to the design of the cooking oil filtration system. This is because there's a small chanc...
We can confirm our milkshakes in the U.K. are not thickened with chicken skin.
If you assume a teaspoon of sugar weighs 4g, the McDonald's U.K. Chocolate Milkshakes contain the following: Small Chocolate Milkshake - just over six teaspoons of sugar, Medium Chocolate Milkshake - 11.5 teaspoons of sugar, and Large Chocolate Milksha...
The following desserts do not contain any traces of alcohol: Cadbury's Dairy Milk McFlurry®, Strawberry Sundae, Toffee Sundae, Ice Cream Cone with Flake and milkshakes.
No. The strawberry milkshake served in our U.K. restaurants contains the natural colour Beetroot Juice Concentrate. In fact, our strawberry milkshakes have been approved as suitable for vegetarians by the Vegetarian Society.
In our U.K. restaurants our Chocolate Milkshakes have no gluten containing ingredients.
In our U.K. restaurants our Banana Milkshakes have no gluten containing ingredients. Also our standard tomato ketchup that is used on our Hamburgers, Cheeseburgers and Quarter Pounder™s as well as the dipping sauce has no gluten containing ingredients....
No. Unfortunately we don't serve soy milk at the moment.
No. We can absolutely guarantee that no McDonald's meat contains hormones. It's against McDonald's meat specification to accept any meat from an animal that has received any antibiotic growth promoter or hormone. These substances are also strictly forb...
Good question. All of the ingredients that make McDonald's finished products are made to exact specifications to deliver the same experience across the world. This is why you'll get the same great taste in the U.K,, as you would in the U.S.A. This is e...
Of course. Our breakfast McMuffins® can be ordered without the bun, without cheese, or even without the egg. Simply ask your server when ordering or, if you're using our kiosk, hit the customise button. You can find a full ingredient declaration for al...
The emulsifiers used in the ice cream for our McFlurry® desserts are of plant origin. Our ice cream has been checked by the Vegetarian Society and is suitable for vegetarians. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burge...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our...
The following desserts do not contain any traces of alcohol: Cadbury's Dairy Milk McFlurry®, Strawberry Sundae, Toffee Sundae, Ice Cream Cone with Flake.
Our mayonnaise is made by one of our suppliers in Lancashire.
A meal which provides lower calories (than other menu items) could be a Filet-o-Fish® with a Shaker Side Salad®, Balsamic Dressing and Mineral Water. At 370 kcal this provides 19% of Reference Intake (RI) for an average adult. Alternativel...
Well, it varies from burger to burger, depending on the size and type. For example, the recipe for a Big Mac® uses 28g of shredded lettuce, whereas the Chicken Legend® uses 12g of seasonal green lettuce. Each amount has been specifically chosen to crea...
Yes, the recipe for the McDonald's Tomato Ketchup in the dispenser is the same as that used for the dip pot.
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served (including our Quaker Oat So Simple porridge) in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here<...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served (including our Quaker Oat So Simple Apple and Cherry porridge) in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
The temperature of the transfer bin should be around 63- 66 degrees Celsius.
We have two ingredients that contain pork; bacon rashers and sausage patty. These ingredients are in many of our menu items such as Chicken Legend® with Bacon, Big Flavour Wraps and breakfast items. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all fo...
No. In the U.K. there are no pork products in the Filet-o-Fish® and the Tartare Sauce is suitable for vegetarians.
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our...
None of our ingredients contain high fructose corn syrup. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
We would always advise customers to discuss their individual dietary requirements with a doctor or medical professional to help make the choices that are right for them, and to take into consideration any current medication and activity levels.
The correct procedure for our oil filtering process is as follows; Fries, Pies, Vegetable Patty, Chicken and Filet-o-Fish®.
Our Sweet Curry Dip is made by our sauce supplier who is based in Lancashire.
There is no MSG (Mono Sodium Glutamate) in any food sold in McDonald's UK restaurants. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
There are no onions used as an ingredient in our Hash Browns. However our Hash Browns can be cooked in the same oil that has been used for our Red Pepper & Pesto Goujons that do contain onions. You can find a full ingredient declaration for al...
The UHC has two different temperature settings. One for breakfast and one for the main menu. The breakfast temperature is 79C and the main menu is 93C.
We advise all pregnant women to discuss any queries about what to eat during their pregnancy with their GP or midwife as advice will depend greatly on the individual. However we can confirm that our mayonnaise and tartare sauce are made with pasteurise...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our milkshakes) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading ...
Our French Fries are certified as suitable for vegans. However, there are various items on the menu that are suitable for people on a vegan diet, such as the French Fries, Hash Browns, Oatso Simple with Sugar or Strawberry Jam (ask for it to be made wi...
The following ingredients on our menu do not contain white flour or sugar: Scrambled Egg, Bacon, Whole Egg, Oatso Simple - plain, Fruit Bag, Carrot Sticks, Shaker Side Salad®, Beef patty, Cheese Slice.
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served (including mozzarella sticks) in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloadi...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served (including mozzarella sticks) in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloadi...
Hash browns are McDonald's breakfast royalty, and they are treated as such. First of all, the potatoes are carefully evaluated to ensure they meet the strict acceptance criteria. They are then washed and peeled using steam under pressure. The peeled po...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allergen Booklet
We currently don't offer dairy-free alternatives to our milk products but are always looking at new menu options. Did you know that all our products can be customised? For example, you can remove the yoghurt from our Blended Ice Smoothie Range or remov...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allergen Booklet
In the U.K. the Happy Meal® menu items that do not contain any gluten or wheat containing ingredients include: Fries, Carrot Sticks, Apple & Grape Bags, and all small drinks (including the milkshakes). Plus, the beef patty (on it's own without the brea...
We have, in fact, conducted a Halal trial in a restaurant in Southall. We learnt that Halal certified food is popular with only a very small percentage of our customers, and to offer it in all our restaurants would require significant changes to our ki...
None of our food is certified as Halal, and McDonald's U.K. has no current plans to introduce Halal food to the menu at any McDonald's restaurant.
Although our standard buns, the one's used on Hamburgers, Big Mac® and Quarter Pounder™s for example, are all suitable for vegetarians, there are currently no ingredients certified as Halal on our U.K. menu.
There are no certified Kosher ingredients on our menu in the UK.
None of our food is certified as Halal, and McDonald's U.K. has no current plans to introduce Halal food to the menu at any McDonald's restaurant.
Although the Tartare Sauce used in our Filet-o-Fish® is suitable for vegetarians, it is not Halal. (We do not currently serve any halal certified menu items in the U.K.)
None of the McDonald's restaurants in the U.K. offer Halal-certified meat and we have no current plans to introduce it in the future.
Though none of the food on our U.K. menu is certified as Halal, there are several items on the breakfast menu that may be suitable depending on your dietary requirements. These include plain Oatso Simple Porridge, Hash Browns or a plain, toasted Bagel....
Unfortunately, we're not in a position to roll out Halal food in the U.K. at this time.
No, we don’t. McDonald's does not offer Halal-certified food.
None of the food served at McDonald's U.K. is certified as Halal.
At McDonald's U.K. we do not use genetically modified (GM) ingredients in our food. We only use products and ingredients that meet our high standards of quality and safety and which comply with legislation and the requirements of all relevant authoriti...
Due to the nature of our kitchen set up, we cannot make a claim that any of our food is 'gluten free' in the U.K. This is because we're not able to guarantee the prevention of cross contamination with gluten, when preparing gluten free food.
In the U.K. we sell a range of different Chicken Wraps but all will contain gluten as the tortilla wrap is made with wheat flour.
The menus, and therefore the kitchen layout and equipment available in our restaurants located around the world vary. To offer gluten-free buns, we would need separate storage and toasting equipment in place to prevent cross-contamination, which many o...
There are ingredients on our breakfast menu that would be suitable if you need to avoid gluten. These include our Hash Browns, Eggs, Back Bacon and our Sausage Patty. However, due to our kitchen set up, we cannot guarantee that cross-contamination will...
The 100% beef patty, Big Mac® sauce, pickles, onions and lettuce in our iconic Big Mac® do not have any gluten containing ingredients. However, the bun does contain gluten, and while you can request a burger to be served without the bun, we cannot guar...
Our beloved Chicken McNuggets contain wheat flour in the coating which means they're not gluten free.
Several items on our menu are free from ingredients containing gluten. However, due to our kitchen set up, we cannot guarantee that cross-contamination will not occur.
McDonald's uses dill pickles in their burgers including in the Big Mac®.
There are currently no products on the UK menu that contain gelatin that is derived from animals. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
McDonald's U.K. French Fries are made using Russet Burbank, Pentland Dell, Innovator and Shepody potatoes, which are chosen for their quality, taste and long shape when cut. The fries are not coated in any fats or substance from an animal. Once at the ...
All pesticides used are approved under EU legislation. (Our suppliers do not use pesticides containing Methamidophos, which has been banned for use in the EU since 2008).
In the U.K. we do not use the same ingredients for our Fries as in the USA. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
No. McDonald's UK French Fries are made by McCain's using Russet Burbank, Pentland Dell and Shepody potatoes, which are chosen for their quality, taste and long shape when cut. The fries are not coated in any fats or substances from an animal. Once at ...
There are no dairy, soya or egg ingredients used in our Fries and our Fries are not cooked in the same oil as other products that contain these ingredients. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our onli...
McDonald's UK French Fries are cooked in the restaurants using a non-hydrogenated vegetable oil. Some of this oil will be absorbed by the potato on cooking. The cooked Fries will therefore end up being approximately 86% potato - the remaining 14% being...
Extensive research has shown that the majority of McDonald's consumers prefer a light sprinkling of salt on their French Fries. A typical serving of a small portion of French Fries contains 0.5g of salt. However, if you would like your French Fries wit...
Yes, our Fries in the UK are suitable for vegetarians. The product and the cooking method have been checked by the Vegetarian Society and they have approved them as suitable for vegetarians. They are cooked in oil that is separate to the oil used for m...
McDonald's UK French Fries are made by McCain's using Russet Burbank, Pentland Dell and Shepody potatoes, which are chosen for their quality, taste and long shape when cut. The fries are not coated in any fats or substances from an animal. Once at the ...
The approximate portion weights of our Fries are as follows: Small Fries approx. 80g, Medium Fries approx. 114g, and Large Fries approx. 150g.
At certain times of the year the low levels of naturally occurring sugars present in the potatoes we use for our Fries, require the addition of a maize derived dextrose. This helps to give the Fries their characteristic golden colour and to ensure they...
Dimethylpolysiloxane (DMPS) is not an ingredient in our McDonald's UK Fries. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
Yes, our fries are suitable for vegetarians.
Potatoes naturally contain a small amount of sugar. As a result, our Medium Fries will contain 1g of sugar per portion. It's this naturally-occurring sugar that helps give the fries their characteristic golden colour when fried.
As you could expect, McDonald's U.K. has a very fast turnover of food, and our restaurants receive three to five deliveries a week. Food arrives frozen, chilled or ambient, just like your food shopping at home, and the majority of the food is preserved...
Good question. Our tomatoes are grown in Holland and Spain, and occasionally Morocco as a back-up. It all depends on the season. The tomatoes are then prepared by our supplier in Wisbech, Cambs. Our fresh onions are sourced and processed from Holland, ...
The fish in our famous Filet-o-Fish® is Hoki from Asian Pacific oceans or Alaskan Pollock. The bun used is baked by one of our bakery product suppliers near Manchester, Oxfordshire or Bedfordshire. The tartare sauce is made by one of our sauce supplier...
The cooking time for the Filet-o-Fish® is 3 minutes 15 seconds.
Our famous Filet-o-Fish® and Happy Meal® Fish Fingers use Hoki or Pollock. All our fish comes from Marine Stewardship Council certified sustainable fisheries, which means we’re helping to safeguard fish stocks for the future. You can find...
The Filet-o-Fish® has always been served with half a cheese slice rather than a whole slice. (It is served this way in all McDonald's UK restaurants).
Our famous Filet-o-Fish® and Happy Meal® Fish Fingers use Hoki or Pollock. All our fish comes from Marine Stewardship Council certified sustainable fisheries, which means we’re helping to safeguard fish stocks for the future.
The Filet-o-Fish® does contain eggs as an ingredient due to the Tartare Sauce, but the Apple Pie does not. .
Yes. The Tartare Sauce used in our Filet-o-Fish® contains no animal products.
Yes, the cheese used in our Filet-o-Fish® is indeed suitable for vegetarians. You may be interested to note, however, that although the Filet-o-Fish® patty is fried in the restaurants in non-hydrogenated vegetable oil, this oil could come into contact ...
McDonald's U.K. does not currently serve any halal certified menu items.
The ground beef used by McDonald's U.K. contains approximately 20% fat.
Since 2007 we have been using non hydrogenated cooking oil in all of our U.K. restaurants - and this move has resulted in us being able to remove all artificial Trans Fatty Acids (TFA) leaving only naturally occurring TFA.
No. Our fries are not coated in any fats or substances from an animal. McDonald's UK French Fries are made by McCain's using Russet Burbank, Pentland Dell and Shepody potatoes, which are chosen for their quality, taste and long shape when cut. Once at ...
For information on saturated fat in our products, you can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool h...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food and drink served in the U.K. (including our flat white coffee) by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool or downloading our Allergen Booklet from the food section of our website.
Our fish products are made with Hoki or Pollock.
Yes they do, our folded eggs contain pasteurised free range liquid egg and pasteurised semi skimmed milk. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
All of the eggs on our menu - even those we use in coatings and dressings - are free-range. (In fact, we were one of the first companies to make this commitment and we're proud to have been awarded the Good Egg Award from Compassion in World Farming fo...
Unfortunately, we can't cook eggs to order. This is because all our poached eggs are cooked at the same time, on either the grill or using an egg cooker, and with a timer. The timer on the grill lets us know when they're cooked - 150 seconds to be exac...
They are 100% Rainforest Alliance Coffee Beans from Honduras, Columbia, Peru and Brazil.
We do not currently offer Fairtrade tea, coffee, sugar sachets or orange juice in our restaurants. However, all of the tea bags we used are sourced from PG Tips and are fully Rainforest Alliance Certified.
There are no eggs in our milkshakes in the U.K. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool her...
Yes. In the U.K. both the milk and the cream used in our milkshake base mix are pasteurised.
The rules around what counts as one of your 5 a day are quite strict and because our Iced Fruit Smoothies contain added ingredients over and above the pure fruit content, they cannot be labelled as one of your 5 a day.
The hot chocolate served in our McDonald's U.K. restaurants has no gluten containing ingredients.
A regular Cappuccino contains approximately 175mg caffeine, a large Cappuccino contains approximately 209mg caffeine, a regular Hot Chocolate contains approximately 13mg caffeine and a large Hot Chocolate contains approximately 17mg caffeine..
Our Hot Chocolate contains 10% cocoa.Nutrition Details, Allergen info
Our hot chocolate is suitable for vegetarians.
Yes, Iced Frappé drinks served in our U.K. restaurants contain between 0.047g - 0.189g caffeine per drink (depending on size and flavour). You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional cal...
All McDonald's food and drink can fit into a balanced diet. We offer a broad range of options in a variety of sizes, and provide nutritional information so our customers can make informed choices about what is right for them. In fact we have more choic...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allergen Booklet
Our Fish Finger Happy Meal® with Fish Fingers and Fries does not contain any cow's milk as ingredients. Other food on the menu that does not contain cow's milk include: Grilled Chicken Salad with Balsamic Dressing, Grilled Chicken and Bacon...
You can find information on the eggs we use in all our breakfast products and the milk we use in all our products here
All of our milk is sourced from U.K. dairy farms.
We use organic milk in some products, though not all. We use it in our semi-skimmed milk in our tea, coffee, Happy Meal® milk bottles and porridge in mainland Britain and Northern Ireland.
We use organic, semi-skimmed milk in our tea, coffee, Happy Meal® milk bottles and porridge in mainland Britain and Northern Ireland. Whole milk is used in our Sundaes, Shakes, McFlurry® desserts and folded eggs. All of our milk is sourced from U.K. da...
All the milk we use in our tea, coffee, porridge and Happy Meal® milk bottles is semi-skimmed, organic and from U.K. farms. We only ever use fresh dairy milk for our ice-creams, milkshakes and McFlurry® desserts. We use milk powder for a small number o...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allergen Booklet
Yes the Ice cream in all McFlurry® desserts does contain milk. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
Yes. In the U.K. our standard milkshakes (chocolate, strawberry, vanilla and banana) have no gluten containing ingredients.
All the ice cream used in U.K. restaurants is ice cream. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
Yes, in the U.K. our standard milkshakes (Banana, Chocolate, Strawberry and Vanilla) are all suitable for vegetarians and have been approved by the Vegetarian Society.
Our Fish Finger Happy Meal® with Fish Fingers and Fries does not contain any cow's milk as ingredients. Other food on the menu that does not contain cow's milk include: Grilled Chicken Salad with Fajita or Balsamic Dressing, Grilled Chicken and Bacon S...
No, McDonald's Milkshakes do not contain pork fat. There are no meat based products in McDonald's milkshakes and they have been approved as suitable for vegetarians.
Yes, our Sweet Curry Dip served in our U.K. restaurants is suitable for vegetarians and has been approved by the Vegetarian Society.
We take care to cook all of our products separately, our beef patties are cooked on dedicated grills and so will not be cooked alongside bacon.
We don't use hydrogenated vegetable oil - we only use non-hydrogenated vegetable cooking oils in our restaurants.
We source our vegetable oil from a supplier in Kent.
Palm oil is used as an ingredient in some of our products but the oil we use in our restaurants for frying is a blend of non-hydrogenated rapeseed and sunflower oil.
Unfortunately there are no plans to change the cooking method for the Filet-o-Fish® patty.
We can confirm that if L-Cysteine is used in any of our food it will not be derived from hair or animal origin.
There are no ingredients of animal origin in the Apple Pies. However they are cooked in oil that may have come into contact with oil that has been used to fry chicken and fish products so we cannot describe them as suitable for vegetarians.
The fish in the Filet-o-Fish® is cooked in a dedicated fish vat, and we filter the cooking oil in the vat to keep it in good condition. During the filtering process, it's not possible to completely remove all traces of oil in the equipment. It&...
Good question. To ensure that our oil is free from crumbs and food debris, and to retain its quality, our cooking vats are periodically filtered using specially designed filtration equipment. Oil is pumped out of the fryer vat and passed through a filt...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allergen Booklet
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allergen Booklet
There are no ingredients of animal origin in the Apple Pies or Cheese Melt Dippers. However they are cooked in oil that may have come into contact with oil that has been used to fry chicken and fish products so we cannot describe them as suitable for v...
Our cooking oil is a blend of rapeseed and sunflower oil. This blend was carefully developed to remove all artificial Trans Fatty Acids (TFA), leaving only naturally occurring TFA, of which there are less than 2%.
All of McDonald's U.K. restaurants filter vats in the same order and in sequence at least once a day. The vats are filtered in the following order: Fries and Veggie Goujons, Pies, Chicken, and Filet-o-Fish®. The unit is then cleaned before bein...
We use U.K. organic semi-skimmed milk in our coffee products. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
No, there is no pork oil in our coffee. All of our coffee has been approved by the Vegetarian Society and is suitable for vegetarians. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calcula...
The Chicken Legend® patty is made with marinated chicken breast fillet, which is then covered in a crispy coating. At McDonald's UK, the only meat we use across our entire chicken menu, including in our Chicken Legend®, is chicken breast meat. The meat...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our Chicken Legend®) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloa...
The sandwich sauce is made by one of our sauce suppliers in Lancashire and the shredded iceberg lettuce is predominantly sourced from the U.K. during the lettuce growing season, and from Spain in the autumn and winter months. However, there is also a s...
In the U.K. we do not use skin in our Chicken McNuggets®®; the only meat we use across our entire chicken menu, including in our Chicken McNuggets®®, is chicken breast meat. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by ...
There is no chicken bone in McDonald's Chicken McNuggets®®. McDonald's Chicken McNuggets®® are made from 100% chicken breast meat; our chicken suppliers go to great lengths to remove bones. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served...
No, the grilled chicken used in our Grilled Chicken Big Flavour Wraps and our Grilled Chicken Salads is not reformed meat. It is chicken breast meat that has been marinated, cooked and lightly grilled.
No they do not contain any ground up bird beak. McDonald's Chicken McNuggets®® are made from carefully deboned chicken breast meat, and coated in a tempura batter. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting o...
We only use 100% chicken breast meat across our entire menu. All of our chicken products are made from carefully deboned chicken breast meat, never Mechanically Separated Poultry, and we don't add any artificial colours or flavours. All of the chicken ...
McDonald's does not buy chickens or chicken breast. We buy finished chicken products from our chicken product suppliers. The rest of the chicken meat is used for other non-McDonald's products. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food ser...
McDonald's U.K. sources chicken from many countries including the U.K., Holland, France, Thailand and Brazil. The chickens from these countries are reared and audited to farm assurance standards. This maintains high animal health and welfare, which ens...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allergen Booklet
The sauces on the McChicken® Sandwich and the Mayo Chicken are different. We use "Sandwich sauce" on our McChicken® Sandwich and "Cool Mayo" on our Mayo Chicken. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our Allergen Booklet
McDonald's Chicken McNuggets®® are made from 100% chicken breast meat. However, as a percentage of the total recipe when the batter, seasoning and oil to cook the nuggets are taken into account, chicken meat constitutes 45% of the total Chicken McNugge...
A portion of 6 Chicken McNuggets®® will contain approximately 2.7g of gluten per portion. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
Yes, the cheese slices used on our Big Mac®, Quarter Pounder™ with Cheese and Cheeseburgers have no gluten containing ingredients. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online...
Yes, the processed cheese slice made with Emmental is suitable for vegetarians. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
The cheese slice used in our menu items like our Big Mac®, Cheeseburger and Quarter Pounder™ with Cheese contains approximately 60% real cheese (51% Cheddar and 9% Other Cheeses). You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our b...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our...
Yes, our ice cream does contain carbohydrates. For example our Oreo McFlurry® provides 41g of carbohydrates. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calcu...
The beef patties used in our UK restaurants are made with 100% beef - with no added ingredients. They are just seasoned with salt and pepper after cooking. However, please be aware that our chicken burgers are coated with breadcrumbs or batter containi...
The beef patties are 100% British and Irish beef and are made in Scunthorpe or Republic of Ireland, where they are made and instantly frozen. They are then sent to each store for use in our burgers. Once at our restaurants, the patties are cooked and a...
The age requirement for beef animals entering McDonald's supply chain is a minimum of eight months, the age of beef animals at slaughter varies greatly as there are many options available to farmers in rearing cattle. McDonald's do not accept beef anim...
All of the beef used in our hamburgers is from British and Irish farmers. It is sourced only from approved abattoirs and boning plants that conform strictly to all meat hygiene legislation, as well as McDonald's own high standards. Samples are regularl...
McDonald's offers comprehensive and straightforward nutritional information of all of its food to help customers make informed choices about what they eat. You can find this in our restaurants on the reverse of tray liners or on our website. A Big Mac®...
Whilst we do not specify any breed of cow to use in our burgers, they must be at least eight months of age; healthy; born, reared and slaughtered in the UK or Republic of Ireland; and from accredited farm assured farms.
The two beef patties for the Big Mac® are 100% British and Irish beef, supplied by our beef patty supplier in Scunthorpe. The Bun used for the Big Mac® is baked by one of our bakery product suppliers in Heywood near Manchester or Banbury, Oxfordshire. ...
Preservatives are used in some of our food only when absolutely necessary, to ensure the food is safe to eat. They will be used, for example, to prevent our bread and cheese from going mouldy and our pickles from spoiling. You can find a full ingredien...
Good question. McDonald's UK beef patties are made from whole forequarter and flank cuts of 100% British and Irish beef by our beef supplier in Scunthorpe. Our supplier buys deboned beef from approved abattoirs across the UK and Ireland, where skilled ...
Yes, it does. Our Big Mac® sauce does contain many of the same ingredients as mayonnaise, including vegetable oil, eggs and vinegar. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our onli...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our...
There are two pickles in the Big Mac®, two in the Quarter Pounder™, one in the Hamburger and two in the Double Cheeseburger; so it all depends on what product the you buy.
We only use whole cuts of 100% British and Irish beef in our burgers, seasoned with just a pinch of salt and pepper after cooking. We take these whole cuts, simply mince them and shape them into burgers. Once the beef burgers are made, they are frozen ...
This varies from one sandwich to another and depends on how many orders have been placed at one time. As an example, if there are no other orders, the average time from when an order is placed to cook and prepare a Hamburger is a total of 112 seconds (...
No - this is not true. Gherkins are used simply to add to the flavour of the burger.
A McDonald's Cheeseburger is made up of a regular McDonald's bun, mustard, ketchup, onions, one slice of pickle, one slice of cheese and one beef patty. In our eyes, it's a perfect creation. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (incl...
Excellent question. The term 'hamburger' comes from Hamburg in Germany, where a minced beef style dish was first created. All of our burgers are made from whole cuts of 100% British and Irish beef, with nothing added except a pinch of salt and pepper a...
Unfortunately it's not possible to ask for a burger wrapped in lettuce leaves - though you can ask for your burger to be served without the bun if you wish.
Sugar is a common and important ingredient for bread making as it provides energy for the yeast production, helps keep the buns moist and improves the toasted colour and the texture of the bread. The recipe for our buns has developed over many years an...
No - unfortunately our buns are not available for purchase anywhere other than a McDonald's restaurant.
The wheat for our buns comes from the U.K., Germany, America and Canada. The buns are baked at bakeries in Lancashire and Oxfordshire.
No it is not, however the bun used for the Quarter Pounder™ and the McChicken® Sandwich are the same. This is also the case form Hamburger, Cheeseburger, Double Cheeseburger and Filet-o-Fish®. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (in...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our...
Our brown sauce is a McDonald's developed recipe. Unfortunately, we would not be able to supply this outside of our normal supply chain as the recipe is exclusive to us.
There should be three rashers of bacon on our new bacon rolls.
First of all, the potatoes are carefully evaluated to ensure they meet the acceptance criteria. They are washed and peeled using steam under pressure. The peeled potatoes are then inspected again to remove any blemishes. They then pass through a mechan...
McDonald's hash browns are made in the West Midlands, using British-grown potatoes. They are then cooked in a 100% vegetable oil made up of a blend of sunflower and rapeseed oil.
There are no gluten or wheat containing ingredients in the Big Tasty Sauce served on its own.
The un-cooked weight of a Big Mac® is 240g and is broken down as follows: Bun - 74g, Beef patty - 45g x 2 = 90g, Cheese -14g, Lettuce - 28g, Pickle - 2 x 3.5g =7g, Onion - 7g, Sauce - 20g. The weight of the final product will change due to the cooking ...
Yes - the sauce used in our Big Mac® in the U.K. does not contain any ingredients containing wheat or gluten. It also contains no dairy products. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visi...
There are no ingredients of animal origin in our Big Mac® Sauce in the UK and the eggs used are free range eggs. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calcu...
We can confirm that there is no raw egg in our Big Mac® Sauce; it's made with pasteurised egg. However, we would always recommend that you discuss any concerns about which food to eat when pregnant with your midwife or doctor. You can find a full ingre...
There is no raw egg in our Big Mac® Sauce and our Big Mac® sauce is made with pasteurised egg. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our...
We're passionate about animal welfare. Our commitment to only using ingredients and suppliers that meet our high standards has helped us win three RSPCA Good Business Awards. All of the animals that enter our supply chain come from approved suppliers w...
Yes, sometimes. We do not specify any breed of cattle that enters our supply chain. Some of our carefully selected and approved abattoirs will source cattle from both beef and dairy herds. This is normal practice within the food industry. You can find ...
McDonald's is a major supporter of the British and Irish beef industry. Our 100% beef burgers are made from whole cuts of beef, from the forequarter and flank of both male and female cattle sourced from over 16,000 British and Irish farmers.
We've heard this myth, and can confirm that '100% beef" 'is not a company owned by McDonald's. We refer to '100% beef' when describing our beef burgers because these are made from whole cuts of beef, taken from the forequarter and flank, which are simp...
Our beef patties are made from whole cuts of 100% British and Irish beef and are produced at dedicated production sites. These sites are equipped with food processing technology and equipment that is capable of producing our burger patties to our exact...
Our cattle are mainly fed a grass and cereal based diet, and we can ensure that all cattle feed conforms to national and EU legislation. This is due to the compliance of our farms to a nationally recognised Farm Assurance scheme.
The beef used across our menu is 100% British and Irish, and we only use whole cuts of forequarter and flank for our burger patties. All our beef comes from farms accredited by nationally recognised farm assurance schemes like Red Tractor. We only use ...
No, they don't contain onion. Our beef patties are made from whole cuts of 100% British and Irish beef. Nothing is added except a pinch of salt and pepper after cooking. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) se...
No. We have never used ammonia or ammonium hydroxide in our burgers in the U.K. All of our burgers are made from 100% beef from British and Irish farms. We only use whole cuts of forequarter and flank which are then minced, shaped into patties and froz...
No. There is no horse meat in any McDonald's U.K. burgers. To ensure absolute confidence in the food we serve, we voluntarily provide samples of all our beef burgers to the Food Standards Agency for their own tests. You can find a full ingredient decla...
The whole cuts of beef used to make our beef patties contain approximately 20% naturally occurring fat. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator too...
We only use whole cuts of 100% beef in our burgers, from over 16,000 British and Irish farmers. Our patty supplier buys whole cuts of forequarter and flank from approved abattoirs across the U.K. and Ireland. Here the beef is prepared by skilled butche...
No, we don't. The use of hormonal growth promoters for cows is banned in the U.K. and rest of the European Union. The beef used across our menu is 100% British and Irish, and comes from farms accredited by a national farm assurance scheme like Red Trac...
There are no binding agents in our beef patties. All of our burgers are made from whole cuts of 100% beef from British and Irish farms. We only use whole cuts of forequarter and flank, which are then minced and shaped into burger patties. Once the patt...
Our BBQ Dip (including the one used in the condiment bars) is suitable for vegetarians and approved by the Vegetarian Society. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nut...
There are no egg ingredients in The Spicy Veggie One. However, we would always advise you to seek guidance from your doctor or medical professional to discuss the suitability of our menu items in relation to specific dietary requirements. Please also l...
Yes, our Chicken Selects®® do contain yeast extract, so would be unsuitable for someone following a yeast-free diet. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional c...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our...
Yes, the apple pie does contain cinnamon. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
Although we don't currently serve a gluten-free bread on our U.K. menu, there are several items that are gluten and lactose free. For example, our beef patties and spicy veggie patties contain no ingredients with gluten or lactose. Plus, they're cooked...
If we ever use nuts as an ingredient in our food or drinks, we'll always let our customers know. However, just like other food businesses, because of the nature of the preparation processes we cannot give you 100% assurance that all our food is nut-fre...
We produce our food in kitchens where allergens are handled by our people, and where equipment and utensils are used for multiple menu items, including those containing allergens. Although your meal is prepared with care, we cannot guarantee it will be...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our...
Additives including preservatives are only used when absolutely necessary to ensure product safety and quality. We take great care to ensure wherever possible only natural flavours and natural colours are used. For example, our beef burgers are 100% be...
Gelatine is not used as an ingredient in any of the products on McDonald's U.K. menu. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool
In the U.K. we do not use any artificial flavour enhancers similar to MSG in any of our products
Interesting question. Genetic modification is the process of altering the genes of a plant, animal or micro-organism, and then inserting a gene from another living thing. It allows genes to be transferred from one species to another, in order to develo...
Our Frappes do not contain gelatine. However, alcohol is used during the manufacturing process of our Caramel Iced Frappe, Chocolate Chip Iced Frappe and whipped cream ingredients. The level of alcohol is very low and evaporates during the process. The...
Carrageenan is used as a stabiliser in ice cream and can be extracted using alcohol. In the past, we did use alcohol during this process, but can now confirm that this method is no longer used. The only exception is Cadbury's Crunchie McFlurry®, where ...
There are currently no products on our menu that contain alcohol as an ingredient. However, some items contain ingredients that have either been derived from alcohol or extracted using alcohol. For example, white whine vinegar in our Sweet Chilli Sauce...
The ice cream sold in McDonald's U.K. does not contain any alcohol and does not contain any non vegetarian fats. It is also approved as vegetarian by the Vegetarian Society. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers...
We have never used ammonia or ammonium hydroxide in our burgers in the U.K. We source 100% of our beef from British and Irish farms and use only whole cuts of forequarter and flank. Nothing is added apart from a pinch of salt and pepper after cooking.<...
As McDonald's U.K., wherever possible our policy is to use only non-GM products and ingredients in our food. Under no circumstance is any GMO material detectable in the final ingredient above a limit of 0.9%.
Yes, The Spicy Veggie One is suitable for vegetarians. However, to To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our...
Our wrap of the day changes daily to another flavour. Check our website to find out today's current wrap.
We serve a range of vegetarian products - from the Vegetable Deluxe to a toasted bagel to a pancakes and syrup. You can see the full range of vegetarian menu options.
Check our website, under Desserts to see what sweet treats we have available.
Drinks come in small, medium and large.
Check our website, under the Fries and Sides option to see what sides are available.
Meals come in medium and large sizes.
Our prices vary slightly from restaurant to restaurant. You can see the prices in the restaurant itself, online via our app or on the Uber Eats delivery app.
We offer a range of delicious, great value products on the Saver menu. Have a look on our website by clicking Saver, under the Menu tab to see what's available.
Yes, apart from the side salad which is a little smaller.
We serve Grilled or Crispy Chicken Salad, Grilled or Crispy Bacon Salad and a Side Salad. And they're all delicious.
We try to reach our customers in the most relevant ways, The Metro is relevant for customers who are out and about and near high street restaurants.
You'll need to keep your eyes peeled for the vouchers as the Metro features are varied throughout the year depending on the campaign and type of activity.
To ensure our menu reflects different customer tastes and trends in each market, every country has its own policy of developing food items. However, our core menu items, such as the Big Mac® or the Quarter Pounder™ with Cheese, are available at all res...
The Tropical Double Tastes Milkshake, which was a Vanilla Milkshake with Mango & Passionfruit syrup, was on the menu during the summer of 2011. It came off the menu around September 2011.
We have no current plans to introduce this to our menu, however, we still have Sweet Chilli Mayo Chicken available on the Saver menu, the Sweet Chilli Chicken Wrap and the Sweet Chilli Chicken Deli Sandwich.
Our Toffee sauce is made specifically for McDonald's and it's therefore not available to purchase as a retail product in the U.K.
We change our menu according to our customers taste. Chocolate is a very popular flavour but we have found our customers preferred the strawberry and toffee flavour. We offer a large range of chocolate based McFlurry® options too.
The Saver Menu was introduced in the U.K. in January 2009 (before that we had the Poundsaver menu which was introduced in 2004).
We know it's good. Really good. But the Big Mac® sauce was developed to be used solely within the Big Mac®, so we don’t think it would quite work as a dip.
Our Sweet Curry Sauces are only available in a McDonald's restaurant.
Our Big Tasty sauce has been developed exclusively for McDonald's to complement all of the other flavours in the burger, so it is not possible to purchase the sauce separately.
We've offered salads on our menu since 2005.
We understand that offering value for money is increasingly important to people so we want to ensure we have a range of products that offer the quality and prices McDonald's is known for. The Saver Menu therefore provides classic McDonald's tastes at g...
Yes you can swap the soft drink in our Extra Value Meal for a black coffee at no extra cost.
In 2006 we took the decision to replace the filter coffee machines in our restaurants with new machines which serve Rainforest Alliance full bean coffee, freshly ground for every cup. This meant that we were no longer able to offer refills of filter co...
Unfortunately, though it's a customer favourite, we're unable to offer the Big Tasty all year round because of the limited capacity in our kitchens. If we offered it all year, we wouldn't have the space to grill the other promotional burgers which are ...
McDonald's has an exhaustive approach to research and development. This involves understanding external factors such as changing customer needs, macro trends and the competitive landscape. In addition, we look internally to see what developments or lau...
We have a coffee loyalty card, where for every 6 hot drinks you buy, you receive a free one.
Our prices vary slightly from restaurant to restaurant, so you can find out either in our restaurants, or online via our app or the Uber Eats delivery app.
Unfortunately, we only have the capacity to cook one set of products at a time. Breakfast and main menu items cook at different temperatures and we need the same set of equipment to cook sausage and eggs and beef patties; there is limited space in the ...
To ensure our menu reflects different customer tastes and trends in each market, every country has its own policy of developing food items. However, our core menu items, such as the Big Mac® or the Quarter Pounder™ with Cheese, are available at all res...
We have no current plans to introduce the McLobster to the U.K. menu at this time. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of...
We have no current plans to introduce these to our menu. While we are part of the global McDonald's brand, each market operates independently and runs different offers, promotions and often menus.
We do not sell our sauces in retail, unfortunately. The 1955 smokey barbecue sauce is unique to the burger, and is a creamy sauce, rather than a more traditional barbecue.
We always want to provide our customers with a wide variety of menu options. However, we have no current plans to introduce a plain cheeseburger as standard, as it's already available as a special order and we have limited capacity in our kitchens to s...
Whilst we're always keen to hear feedback from our customers on which products they enjoy and why, our new menu items are devised and designed by our specialist Food Development team. They use customer insight and other forms of research to come up wit...
The Big Tasty promotion is only available at certain times. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website
Yes, we did sell pizzas for a limited period in some restaurants in the mid 1990's as part of a sales and product test. As part of the test we trialled 3 flavours - Cheese, Cheese & Pepperoni and the Deluxe (cheese, green pepper, onion, peperoni and mo...
We find that different promotional burgers tend to work with different promotional side orders, so we find it works to keep changing the side order offerings to suit them throughout the year.
To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website here.
Our prices vary slightly from restaurant to restaurant, so you can find out either in our restaurants, or online via our app or the Uber Eats delivery app.
At McDonald's we're passionate about serving affordable, great tasting food made with quality ingredients that are sourced sustainably; in an environmentally friendly, ethical and economical way. As a major customer of British and Irish farming, we buy...
Our prices vary slightly from restaurant to restaurant, so you can find out either in our restaurants, or online via our app or the Uber Eats delivery app.
The overall aim for each of our restaurants is to provide food at a competitive value-driven price for our customers. Prices will vary slightly between different restaurants according to a number of factors. We set prices using a demand based methodolo...
Our prices vary slightly from restaurant to restaurant, so it is worth checking either in-store or on the McDonald's app or Uber Eats delivery app. A significant proportion of our restaurants are owned by franchisees who set their own prices, but they ...
Promotional McFlurry® are priced higher as they have additional sauce added, and the inclusions are often more expensive for us to buy thus pushing up the price.
Our prices vary slightly from restaurant to restaurant, so you can find out either in our restaurants, or online via our app or the Uber Eats delivery app.
Our prices vary slightly from restaurant to restaurant, so you can find out either in our restaurants, or online via our app or the Uber Eats delivery app.
At McDonald's U.K., while we are part of the global McDonald's brand, each market operates independently and runs different offers, promotions and often menus.
Our prices vary slightly from restaurant to restaurant, so you can find out either in our restaurants, or online via our app or the Uber Eats delivery app.
Unfortunately, we're unable to offer Potato Wedges all year round because of the limited capacity in our kitchens. If we were to offer them all year, we wouldn't have space to cook other promotional sides which are also super popular. To keep up to dat...
McDonald's U.K. stopped offering supersize portions in 2001, as they were no longer popular. There are no current plans to bring the supersize options back to the McDonald's menu.
Good question. The reason for this is that the McRib® patty is made from ground pork and, in the U.K., we consider it important to separate pork and beef on the grill. Unfortunately, many of our restaurants do not have enough grill capacity to cook por...
We like to keep things fresh. And to do that, we're constantly changing our menus and monitoring to see what the most popular products are. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our ...
To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website here.
This is always launched in conjunction with the Easter period, running for a couple of weeks before and after.
Sorry, we like to keep it a secret, to give you a nice surprise. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website
A promotional McFlurry® can stay on the menu for around six to eight weeks depending on the promotion. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the...
Yes, we launched a Cadbury Mini Egg McFlurry® in 2006. However, we feel that our customers prefer Cadbury Crème Egg McFlurry®, which we serve in conjunction with the Easter period running for a couple of weeks before and after.
McDonald's replaced the Chicken Premiere patty with the whole breast Chicken Legend® in 2007. We currently have no plans to re-introduce the Chicken Premiere.
We stopped selling root beer some time ago as it didn't prove popular with customers in the U.K.
No, we do not have a secret menu at McDonald's U.K.
New promotional products are tested in restaurants throughout the country, and often tested by McDonald's customers before launch in all U.K. restaurants. New permanent products also go through this process with the addition of a sales test in a specif...
No - we have no plans to introduce a lamb burger to the U.K. menu at the moment.
No, we don't. We have no plans to re-introduce the mild mustard dip at this moment in time.
McDonald's prides itself on speed of service, so if we were to tailor each and every burger to the individual, we'd be taking away the essence of our service. Each burger is crafted to deliver the best taste possible.
We aim to serve our customers as quickly as possible, but waiting times will vary depending on the size of your order, how busy the restaurant currently is, what you have ordered and if you have ordered a special order that we have to cook especially f...
You can find our full menu here, or on our online nutritional tool calculator here.
Our core menu items that are standardised globally are: Big Mac®, Cheeseburger, Hamburger, Chicken McNuggets®® and Fries, and in Europe, the Filet-o-Fish®.
Research has shown that our customers do not see McDonald's as a destination to buy chicken wings and as such, we have no plans to introduce them to our U.K. menu.
Yes you can, please just ask at the counter when you order your meal.
The every day affordable menu is available from 10.30am onwards in participating restaurants. Every day we also have a rotating Wrap of the Day offer available in participating restaurants
McDonald's has previously sold a promotional Hot Dog, which was available for a short period of time. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the ...
We try to adapt our menu to reflect different tastes and local traditions for every country in which we have restaurants. We're keen to respect cultural differences and so every country has its own policy of developing menu items. You will still be abl...
We aim to give customers a great experience at great value every time they visit and our Extra Value Meal is just one of the ways in which we do this. Our Extra Value Meal includes the following: a choice of one of the following core menu items (Big Ma...
Some products (like the McRib®) are only available for a limited time. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website...
Some of our franchised restaurants may offer this as an option locally, but it is not available on a national basis.
The name comes from the process in which the spoon is attached to the McFlurry® mixer which is used to 'flurry' the ice cream and inclusions (and sauce if applicable) together, before being given to the customer.
We have no current plans to bring back the M Burger at this moment in time. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our we...
To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website here.
To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website here.
The Classic, The BBQ and The Spicy.
To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website (click on 'latest' at the top of the page').
To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website (click on 'latest' at the top of the page').
Yes toys are sold separately in restaurants but this will be subject to availability.
To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website (click on 'latest' at the top of the page').
To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website (click on 'latest' at the top of the page').
For both new and returning promotions, research is always undertaken to understand what customers want.
If we are introducing a new promotion, we can sometimes work up to a year in advance.
We are constantly developing new promotions. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website (click on 'latest' at the...
Promotions are usually new food events or our annual Monopoly event.
All the time. There is always either a new or returning promotion running, so keep an eye out.
Our promotions usually run for 6 or 8 weeks, but it depends entirely on the promotion itself.
We use extensive consumer research to find out what kind of products customers want to see in our restaurants. Past promotions which have been popular are always considered. So, look out for your favourites, they can always come back.
We serve small, medium and large.
We serve chocolate, strawberry, banana and vanilla milkshakes.
We serve a range of tasty McFlurry® options - which you can find on our desserts page here
Once your cup is empty, peel off the transparent label and stick this in one of the coffee squares on your card.
You'll get one medium, standard coffee. Delicious.
With our loyalty scheme it doesn’t matter how much money you spend. It's just one stamp per coffee.
Buy 6 and get the 7th one free.
There is a food based loyalty scheme of sorts AKA Monopoly which runs during March and April.
At the moment, the only loyalty scheme we offer is for hot drinks. Buy 6 and get the 7th one free.
No, McDonald's U.K. does not currently offer gift vouchers.
We serve a range of ice cream products - from our tasty McFlurry® to our ice cream cones
We serve a wide range of hot drinks, from our coffee products (McCafé®) to our hot chocolate. You can see our full drinks menu here.
You can find details on all our meals under 400 kcal and under 600kcal on the Meals Under category page here.
The gherkin is one of the classic ingredients that makes our famous burgers so unique. Though many of our customers love the taste, we know not everyone is a gherkin fan. So, if you'd prefer your burger without them, just ask your server and they'll so...
You certainly can, just ask your server the next time you're ordering a burger with gherkins.
Sorry, we don't.
Though some of our products have garlic mayo as part of the recipe, it's not currently available as a dip.
We launched fruit bags in 2005 at the same time as we started offering carrot sticks as a Happy Meal® option.
No salt? No problem. Although we've found the majority of our customers prefer a light sprinkling of salt on their French Fries, if you’d prefer them without salt, simply request this when you order and our staff will sort it out.
Restaurants in the U.K. have never served a double Filet-o-Fish®.
The only fish products we serve are the Filet-o-Fish® and in our Happy Meals only, Fish Fingers.
In the U.K., we don't have a nationwide emergency services discount scheme. However, some of our restaurants do offer a discount for emergency services personnel, but this is currently at the discretion of individual franchisees (around 70% of our rest...
We don't have any plans to bring back the mixed berry Starburst milkshake for the time being. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest'...
Unfortunately we have no plans to introduce Dr Pepper® to the U.K. market. We only have a limited amount of space on our drinks machines, and so we prioritise the most popular range of drinks to satisfy our U.K. customers. To keep up to date with our p...
No, unfortunately it's not possible to directly buy a box of tea bags from our restaurants or from our suppliers.
Unfortunately we only have limited space on the milkshake machine, so when we run a promotional milkshake we have to remove one of the standard flavours. We know from our records that Vanilla is the least popular flavour, so it tends to be the one that...
The majority of hot drinks we sell come in regular sizes. As a result, our coffee loyalty scheme entitles customers to a free regular hot drink for every 6 hot drinks purchased. Just remember to collect the loyalty stickers.
Although a number of European McDonald's markets serve alcoholic beverages as part of their menu, it's not something that fits with the family-friendly focus of our restaurants in the U.K. There also isn't huge customer demand for it.
McDonald's coffee is blended and roasted to a specific McDonald's specification (using 100% Rainforest Alliance Certified Arabica Beans), and is therefore only available in McDonald's restaurants.
Different markets serve different products on their menus. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website
No - while we appreciate some customers often prefer decaffeinated coffee, the coffee machines in restaurants are only currently able to offer caffeinated.
To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website here.
Most of our restaurants are owned by franchisees, and so, some charge for dips while others don't. But just ask your server.
Unfortunately not. McDonald's sauces are made specifically for McDonald's, and as a result, are only available in McDonald's restaurants.
We serve a range of delicious cold drinks - from soft drinks like Coca-Cola® and Fanta® to iced drinks including Caramel Iced Frappe, milkshakes and Mango & Pineapple Iced Fruit Smoothie.
Our Chicken Selects® come in portions of 3 or 5.
Our Chicken McNuggets® come in portions of 6, 9 or 20 or as a portion of 4 in our Happy Meals for children.
Our delicious chicken products include Chicken Legend®, McChicken® Sandwich, Mayo Chicken, Grilled Chicken, Chicken Selects® and Chicken McNuggets®.
Each market operates independently and as such, they can run different offers, promotions and menus at any given time. At the moment, free refills are not offered the U.K. restaurants.
Our soft drink machines are clever old things and are calibrated to deliver different sized servings based on the drink size ordered. These include Small (250ml), Medium (400ml) and Large (500ml) options.
Any drink served with an Extra Value Meal (EVM) comes as either medium (400ml) and large (500ml). Our medium EVM includes a medium drink, where as the large EVM comes with a large drink. It's really up to you.
We launched the Chicken Legend® in October 2007 as part of the increased choice we've introduced to our menu over recent years. You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our chicken products) served in the U.K. by visiting our ...
At McDonald's U.K., we offer 6 Chicken McNuggets®, 9 Chicken McNuggets® and a 20 Chicken McNuggets® ShareBox® - but not 50 pieces.
The Chicken Premiere sauce is not available in the U.K. - so you would need to visit the McDonald's website from other countries to find out more about the menus and ingredients available.
Unfortunately, due to kitchen space and specialist equipment requirements, we're limited in the number of food items we're able to offer at any one time. As such, promotional items can come on and off the menu from time to time. Especially the ones we ...
Unfortunately not. Our iconic Big Mac is created with a careful balance of flavours to give our customers they taste they love. While it is possible, at a manager's discretion, to tweak a recipe to suit individual tastes (like asking for a burger witho...
Though we don't serve 'bunless burger' per se, you can simply order a burger without the bun - just ask your server when ordering and they'll take care of it.
We like to keep things fresh. That means occasionally changing our menu to introduce our customers to new products and flavours.
Not at the minute. Though we don't currently have plans to introduce all day breakfast, you can keep up to date with our product promotions by liking our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, signing up to our newsletter or looking for updates in the 'latest'...
Some stores may have Milkshakes available during breakfast, but it really depends on the store. All you have to do is ask at the counter. The reason it isn't standard practice across all restaurants is because some stores use the breakfast shift to cle...
Although a bonafide burger icon, The Big Tasty is a promotional item that is only on the menu at certain times. To keep up to date with our product promotions, give our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page a follow, sign up to our newsletter or look for updat...
To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website here.
No - we currently have no plans to bring back the BCO burger. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website
The cleaning chemicals used in McDonald's are supplied by Kay Chemicals, Ecolab.  We use a range of different cleaning chemicals for different tasks, including a range of detergents and sanitisers.  Details of which chemicals to use are contained with ...
We have a dedicated team of trained customer care staff who check and clean the toilets every 30 minutes throughout the day and every 15 minutes during busy periods. The management team also complete checks every 30 minutes. The toilets are cleaned dai...
Yes. all employees, including managers, working in the McDonald's kitchen and preparing food are required to wear hats.
McDonald's restaurant food handlers wash their hands with an antimicrobial soap at least every 30 minutes. Staff who serve or work in the dining area wash their hands at least every hour. We also have teams of employees serving customers and handling m...
The health and safety of our customers and employees is our highest priority. We have a comprehensive safety management system which includes detailed training for employees and regular checks to ensure the safety systems are operating effectively.
McDonald's has a detailed system of safety management which is integrated into our training and auditing systems, amongst others. Some elements of this system are legal requirements, some are McDonald's policies.
New employees do not require food hygiene certificates before being employed by McDonald's. The necessary food hygiene training is given to all new employees once employment commences, both before the first shift and also on an ongoing basis.
Customers with babies are able to have milk and baby food warmed. For safety reasons we are not able to provide customers with containers of hot water for them to heat bottles themselves, but our restaurant team will be happy to assist.
There are various personal hygiene policies in place at McDonald's including not working when ill, hair covering, jewellery policy etc. Employees are trained on our personal hygiene policies before their first shift and on an ongoing basis.
We use a number of suppliers, with which we have long-term, trusted relationships to source both the ingredients for our menu and the non-food items we require to run our business. We do not publish the names of our suppliers due to the commercially se...
We use a number of suppliers, with which we have long-term, trusted relationships to source both the ingredients for our menu and the non-food items we require to run our business.
There are a few systems we use in order to get stock efficiently to restaurants. We use forecasting tools to ensure the delivery of products from suppliers to restaurants. Along with this, each restaurant uses a bespoke ordering system to review previo...
We use a number of suppliers, with which we have long-term, trusted relationships to source both the ingredients for our menu and the non-food items we require to run our business.
We treat our suppliers, very intentionally, as partners. This allows us to understand, over time, how each other's businesses work, the challenges that we face and how we can work together to drive efficient and effective supply chains. Long-term partn...
Yes, McDonald's believes it pays our suppliers a fair price that is competitive for the market.
Companies can look to become a McDonald's supplier by sending through details of their business, products, existing customers and production sites to (U.K. Supply Chain Dept., 11-59 High Road, East Finchley, London, N2 8AW). If your business is of inte...
Products from our suppliers will be delivered  to three four distribution centres across the UK. Our logistics partner Martin Brower delivers products to restaurants.
We do not have our own purpose built factories to produce McDonald's ingredients or products. We work with a number of suppliers at both global and market level, just like any other restaurant. These suppliers are specialists in their areas, ensuring t...
We have a number of different products that come from a number of different suppliers. You can find some information here.
The tomatoes used in our products are grown depending on the season either in Holland or Spain (although we have other sources as back up such as Morocco.) The tomatoes are prepared by our supplier in Wisbech, Cambs. While the Emmental Cheese slices ar...
We use a variety of onions on our menu as ingredients for a range of products, as such, we source our onions from suppliers based in the UK, Netherlands and the US.
We source our tortillas from a suppliers based in the UK and Poland.
Our lettuce is predominantly sourced from the U.K. during spring and summer, and Spain during autumn and winter. However, there's also a small percentage that also comes from Holland and France. Last year, over a third of our lettuce was grown in the U...
The supplier for McDonald's U.K. coffee is United Coffee (formally Gala). They roast our coffee at their site in Kent.
Our delicious beef patty is made using 100% British and Irish beef, and supplied to us by one of our beef patty suppliers in Scunthorpe or Carroll's Cross. Our buns are baked by one of our bakery product suppliers in either Heywood near Manchester, Dun...
We certainly do. However, not all McDonald's restaurants are currently offering delivery, so just download the Uber Eats app and see if there's one near you that does. To find out which restaurants offer a delivery service, please check using our resta...
No, but there is a £3.50 delivery fee on all orders. As standard with Uber Eats.
Via the Uber Eats app.
Yes you can.
Simply download the Uber Eats app or visit the website and place your order. If you're near a McDelivery enabled store, just click on the restaurant and place an order!
You can track your driver from the Uber Eats app. Don't try to use any other service or app.
The only items on the full menu that aren't available on delivery are our ice cream cones and any drinks that have cream on the top e.g. Frappes and promotional hot chocolates. You can probably guess why.
Uber Eats is our delivery partner. We cook the delicious food and Uber Eats delivers it to you.
Good question. McDonald's prepares the food as usual and Uber Eats delivers it right to you.
This depends on the availability of Uber Eats drivers.
Through McDelivery, you can have your favourite McDonald's food delivered straight to your door by Uber Eats.
No, Uber Eats stop delivering at 12am.
No, not all of our restaurants offer McDelivery currently, but we're working on it. To find out which restaurants offer a delivery service, please check using our restaurant locator here. ...
The Uber Eats delivery fee for McDelivery is £3.50
Yes. Uber Eats provide our delivery service, so you've got to order through their app. Not all of our restaurants deliver however, so be sure to have a look online before ordering. To find out which restaurants offer a delivery service, please check us...
Just want a small fries? No problem. Only after a drink? Easy. You can order anything on Click & Collect. Just like normal.
We're really sorry about that. Please speak to a friendly member of our restaurant team and they'll be happy to help you.
Unfortunately we don't offer reservations at our restaurants. It's not really our style.
Nope. No additional charges at all.
No, when you check-in by scanning the QR code we'll know you're nearby.
It's made fresh as soon as you scan the QR code in the restaurant.
Yes you do.
Just go on the app and hit cancel.
You certainly can.
As long as you like!
Click & Collect means you can make your McDonald's order long before you arrive, and when you get there, you don't have wait in any queues. Sounds good, right?
Click & Collect lets you place an order on your mobile via the McDonald's app, so that when you get to the restaurant you can skip all the queues and collect your food!
Unfortunately not all restaurants support Click & Collect at present, but the vast majority do. We're working hard to roll it out across every restaurant, but these things take a bit of time. To find out where you can use Click & Collect, please use ou...
Simply download the McDonald's app and choose the restaurant you would like to order from, browse our menu and order. Once you arrive in-store, locate one of the QR code stickers and scan it via the app to check in and pay. From there you can collect y...
As it stands, there are no stand-alone McCafé®s in the U.K. However, you can purchase one of our delicious coffees in-store at every restaurant nationwide.
No, at this time we don't offer a nationwide pensioners discount scheme. We do, however, offer a loyalty scheme which entitles customers to a free regular hot drink for every 6 purchased. All you have to do is collect the loyalty stickers on the side o...
Our coffee is bought in green bean form and shipped to our supplier's roasting site, where they are blended in batches and specially packaged to keep the roasted beans nice and fresh. Whilst there is nothing out of the ordinary about our roasting proce...
McDonald's UK McCafé® coffee is made using 100% Rainforest Alliance Certified Arabica Beans. You can find more information on our range of coffee products
We use weight to measure our hot drinks, not volume. This is due to the different densities of foam across our drinks menu. It also makes everything more consistent across different restaurants, so you know exactly what you're getting every time.
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including black coffee) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading ou...
We are constantly working hard to ensure our content of family friendly. The controls we have in place are that the device cache is cleared after two minutes of activity to protect the users identity and remove their profiles. We also control the app...
The content allows you to access everything you would expect including news feeds, social media and shopping, along with information about McDonald' and some Fantastic games. So whether you popped in for a spot of shopping, to check the local weather ...
There is no time limit for the amount of time you spend on a tablet, we'd just ask you to be considerate to your fellow customers.
You can't reserve a tablet with your order, but hopefully there should be one available when you visit.
You can't reserve a tablet with your order, but hopefully there should be one available when you visit.
The number of tablets varies depending on the restaurant type and size. There are generally around 12 per restaurant so there should be one available when you visit.
All our restaurants offer free Wi-Fi so you can choose where you want to sit and connect. Our restaurant tablets are generally located on a low level table for your convenience.
Yes absolutely, the tablets are free to use.
You can find your nearest restaurant with tablets on the McDonald's restaurant locator.
We have tablets in over 900 restaurants around the UK. You can find your nearest by using the McDonald's restaurant locator on our website.
In fairness to all our customers we do not offer reservations. However, when you make your order inside a restaurant, you can ask for your order to be delivered directly to your table.
Unfortunately McDonald's does not disclose information that is commercially sensitive as this would offer an advantage to our competitors. However we can tell you that within the UK, there are approximately 1200 restaurants, of which around 600 are fra...
Our team look at a number of elements when selecting a location for a brand new restaurant such as, area population, existing stores in the area and proximity to Retail parks/Shopping centres. Looking at all of that information the team will then put f...
There are 26 restaurants in Northern Ireland and more than 80 restaurants in ROI. You can find them by searching on our online restaurant locator tool. (Click on 'locate' at the top of the page).
The reason is that a significant proportion of our restaurants are owned by franchisees who set their own prices - some charge for extra sauces if they are not part of a meal option.
Our drive-thru lanes are custom built for motor cars, vans, trucks and road-worthy mobility scooters. The health and safety of our customers and employees is our top priority and for this reason we are unable to serve pedestrians, bicycle riders, non r...
The simple reason is that we wouldn't be able to operate the same kitchen setup, the same cooking procedures or guarantee the same high quality food that we can produce in our restaurants.
Sorry, we don't sell our furniture to the general public.
There are currently 89 restaurants open in Wales.
We currently have 95 restaurants trading in Scotland.
It's our policy that hats should be worn by all food handlers. Hair must be kept under the hat and away from the face, and styled or tied back so that it is close to the head. Hairnets may be required for hairstyles that do not fit completely under the...
McDonald's does not disclose information that is commercially sensitive, such as our sales figures.
Yes, we can serve mopeds and motorbikes.
McDonald's drive thru is for people in motor vehicles only - bicycles are not permitted on our drive thru due to the health and safety policies we have in place.
Our products have different holding times. BOP menu items (Breakfast, Chicken, fish, Vegetable and Pies) are put together when an order is placed. Beef products are held in a transfer bin for up to 10 minutes and fries are kept for up to 5 minutes.
Technology is used throughout the company in many ways to help McDonald's perform at a consistently high level. From service tills, to stock control, training, research, administration and office work, business would be a lot more difficult to conduct ...
McDonald's opened its first restaurant in the U.K. in Woolwich, south London, in October 1974.
We try to get the food to you as soon as possible, but It is very dependant on what you order as every item has a set cooking time. If elements are being prepared before your item has been ordered there may be two sets of cooking times to be taken into...
McDonald's supports the health and environmental benefits of cycling, however it is our practice not to serve cyclists using the drive-thru lane or drive-thru service windows.
We have over 200 restaurants trading in London.
The music we play in our restaurants is a background music feed that an external company provides for us. Most of the music played in our restaurants is a selection of current tracks being played on mainstream radio.
If you register your details once for your device, you will be able to use it in any McDonald's restaurant.
We do not set time limits on completing orders due to the vastly different busy periods, types of orders and special requests from customers that our crew see each day. We do have internal measures though to help us deliver better service and always st...
You can find opening and closing times for all of our restaurants in the U.K. using our online restaurant locator (just click on locate at the top of the page)
Yes, we accept most credit and debit cards as well as contactless payment.
No, there's not a minimum spend when using a card in our restaurants.
We have parking restrictions at a number of our U.K. restaurants in an effort to make sure there are always parking spaces available for customers. Parking restrictions have proved necessary because of problems ranging from minicab drivers using our ca...
At the moment only a few of our restaurants have electric vehicle (EV) charge points and these tend to be at our Roadchef restaurants found on major motorways. We are also working on a strategy to implement EV charging in our new Drive-Thru restaurants...
We're currently trialling our new self-order kiosks in some restaurants and will look to install more in other locations if the trial is successful.
Yes, many of our restaurants have self-service kiosks - making it quicker and easier to order food.
Magic Floor is an interactive digital floor space which allows children to play games exclusively available at McDonald's. You can find your nearest restaurant via the filters on our restaurant locator.
Our Play Tables is an digital table that contains interactive games exclusively available at McDonald's. You can find your nearest restaurant via the filters on our restaurant locator.
Yes it is.
Please use our restaurant locator here.
No, not all our restaurants have play areas. To find out which ones do, please use our restaurant locator tool here.
No, there is no minimum spend.
Many of our restaurants have pug sockets in our dining areas, but unfortunately we don’t currently offer wireless charging for tablets.
Unfortunately many of our restaurants would not be able to operate the queuing system you describe as there is limited space available to put in place the barriers needed to operate this.
Our restaurants open at a variety of times across the UK, with over 600 of them open 24/7. To confirm the opening times for your local restaurant, please use our restaurant locator here.
Our restaurants open at a variety of times across the UK, with over 600 of them open 24/7. To confirm the opening times for your local restaurant, please use our restaurant locator here.
Our restaurants open at a variety of times across the UK, with over 600 of them open 24/7. To confirm the opening times for your local restaurant, please use our restaurant locator here.
Our restaurants open at a variety of times across the UK, with over 600 of them open 24/7. To confirm the opening times for your local restaurant, please use our restaurant locator here.
Our restaurants open at a variety of times across the UK, with over 600 of them open 24/7. To confirm the opening times for your local restaurant, please use our restaurant locator here.
Yes all restaurants provide a number of high chairs, unless they are take away kiosk restaurants such as those in some shopping centre locations. In this case, high chairs would normally be supplied by the shopping centre. If you have a restaurant in m...
Generally speaking, for safety reasons we cannot serve pedestrians and vehicles at the same outdoor service point. Vehicles need to pull up close to drive-thru service points to complete their orders and there are no pavements or safe areas for pedestr...
This will vary from restaurant to restaurant and will be down to the manager's discretion as most shake machines have auto stops for the fill. Please ask your server at your preferred restaurant which you can find using our online locator tool
The reason for this is that we are a franchised organisation and franchisees have the ability to order slightly different products from a suppliers - which is why some serve sauce in sachets and others sell sauce in dip pots.
Many of our restaurants do have disabled toilets available. Our restaurant locator here can confirm which restaurants have disabled toilets.
Many of our restaurants do have disabled toilets available. Our restaurant locator here can confirm which restaurants have disabled toilets.
No, it does not cost to use the drive thru service.
No, not all McDonald's have drive thru services. To find out which ones do, please use our restaurant locator here.
Easy, you can find that out by using our restaurant locator here.
Please speak to the restaurant manager at the particular McDonald's restaurant that you intend on visiting. They will be able to confirm whether they offer Birthday Parties and be able to answer all of your questions. You can find the contact details o...
Please speak to the restaurant manager at the particular McDonald's restaurant that you intend on visiting. They will be able to confirm whether they offer Birthday Parties and be able to answer all of your questions. You can find the contact details o...
Please speak to the restaurant manager at the particular McDonald's restaurant that you intend on visiting. They will be able to confirm whether they offer Birthday Parties and be able to answer all of your questions. You can find the contact details o...
Please speak to the restaurant manager at the particular McDonald's restaurant that you intend on visiting. They will be able to confirm whether they offer Birthday Parties and be able to answer all of your questions. You can find the contact details o...
Please speak to the restaurant manager at the particular McDonald's restaurant that you intend on visiting. They will be able to confirm whether they offer Birthday Parties and be able to answer all of your questions. You can find the contact details o...
Please speak to the restaurant manager at the particular McDonald's restaurant that you intend on visiting. They will be able to confirm whether they offer Birthday Parties and be able to answer all of your questions. You can find the contact details o...
Please speak to the restaurant manager at the particular McDonald's restaurant that you intend on visiting. They will be able to confirm whether they offer Birthday Parties and be able to answer all of your questions. You can find the contact details o...
We have induction hearing loops in the vast majority of our restaurants; these are also installed in every new build as standard. This is because at McDonald's we are committed to meeting the needs of all our customers and embracing diversity and shari...
Visit out store locator either on our website (click 'locate' at the tope of the page) or app where you can search for your local restaurant and wheel chair access.
No, not all restaurants have wheelchair access. To find out which ones do, visit either our store locator (click 'locate' at the tope of the page) or app.
WWRT COE = World Wide Restaurant Technology Centre Of Excellence.
Unfortunately, McDonald's does not disclose information that is commercially sensitive as this would offer an advantage to our competitors.
The cleaning fluids we use in our coffee machines are specially supplied by the makers of the coffee machines.
McDonald's does not disclose information that is commercially sensitive such as our restaurant processes, as this would offer an advantage to our competitors.
McDonald's use a number of suppliers, with which we have long-term, trusted relationships, to produce the ingredients for our menu items. These suppliers are specialists in their areas, ensuring that we deliver the very best quality for each element of...
You can find some information here here
We use four Distribution Centres to serve our UK restaurants. The largest three are located in North Hampshire, Greater Manchester and Hertfordshire. The Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland is served by a Distribution Centre in the Dublin area.
We do not provide individual pricing as this is considered commercially sensitive information. The price of packaging depends on a number of factors: the type of packaging, the number of colours, the type of material, the type of print, freight costs, ...
For information on this you can download one of our information packs here here
At McDonald's, we hold ourselves to high standards of fairness, honesty, and integrity. As a company that operates in 120 markets, we take the responsibilities that come with being a leader seriously. We are individually accountable and collectively r...
The agencies that we use to design packaging tend to use Adobe Creative Suite (i.e. Photoshop).
McDonald's has over 30,000 restaurants in the world, operating in over 100 countries. Within the U.K., there are approximately 1200 restaurants, of which around 600 are franchises. There are approximately 85,000 people employed by McDonald's U.K. and o...
Stock inventory for different products takes place either on a daily, weekly or monthly basis at the end of the business day. This count is used by the central ordering team to enable forecasting for future demand and to generate orders to ensure corre...
For information on this you can download one of our information packs here here
This is quite a broad question but we use a number of different technologies that help us improve our business processes that in turn increase profitability. Contactless payments, coffee machines and the McDonald's app are just a few examples.
Employees receive training on correct procedures for dealing with deliveries. The delivery driver will unload the lorry and we will put away the delivery. This process normally involves a manager to check the delivery and two employees to put it away.<...
When it comes to priorities in our restaurants, food hygiene and safety are right at the top of the list. It's absolutely vital that all our employees adhere to our high standards of hygiene and cleanliness when working, as well as looking smart and be...
At McDonald's we are clean freaks. Each restaurant has a dedicated team of trained customer care staff who ensure the dining areas, including any children's play equipment, are kept exceptionally clean at all times. All McDonald's employees receive com...
At McDonald's we are take hygiene extremely seriously. Each restaurant has a dedicated team of trained customer care staff who ensure the dining areas, including any children's play equipment, are kept exceptionally clean at all times. All McDonald's e...
All of our restaurants have planned maintenance calendars and all kitchen equipment is cleaned throughout the day, with daily, weekly and monthly closedown and cleaning procedures to maintain our high standards of safety and cleanliness.
Please speak to the restaurant manager at the particular McDonald's restaurant that you intend on visiting. They will be able to confirm whether they offer Birthday Parties and be able to answer all of your questions. You can find the contact details o...
We have about 9 HM promotions, each lasting for between 5-7 weeks. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website
Not all stores are able to host birthday parties, so please contact your preferred restaurant to find out more. Contact details for all our restaurants are available via our online restaurant locator tool - simply click 'locate' at the top of the page....
Prices are set on an individual restaurant basis and so they may vary slightly between sites. You can find a restaurant's price list in a few different ways - from the McDonald's app, from the Uber Eats delivery app, inside restaurants or outside drive...
No, it's not possible to purchase McDonald's U.K. Happy Meal® toys online. However, Happy Meal® toys can usually be purchased separately to a Happy Meal® inside our restaurants, dependent on availability.
There a no current plans to bring this back to Happy Meal®. To keep up to date with our product promotions, stay tuned to our McDonald's U.K. Facebook page, sign up to our newsletter or look for updates in the 'latest' section of our website
Thank you for getting in touch. We think this is an interesting idea and one that we will pass on to our Happy Meal® team. They are always looking for ways to improve our menu and welcome feedback from our customers.
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food (including our burgers) served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here or downloading our...
Restaurant allocations of Happy Meal® toys are carefully calculated for each promotional period. Any left over stock is shared with other restaurants.
Yes, Happy Meal® toys can be purchased separately to a Happy Meal®. Subject to availability. Please ask a crew member at the counter.
You can find out everything you need to know about our Happy Meals® here
We're always working to improve our Happy Meal®. Whether it's by increasing the choice of options to include fruit bags and carrot sticks, or providing book vouchers for children, you can be sure we're constantly looking to improve our Happy Meal® prod...
You can choose from a selected ranged of mains , sides and drinks. For more details see the Happy Meal® menu page here.
Yes, our Happy Meal Veggie Wrap has been approved by the Vegetarian Society.Happy Meal
For a full list of the products available as part of our Happy Meal®, visit our website here.
There is no limit but family events can get very busy especially around lunch time.
Very easily. Just use our handy Family Events postcode finder on the McDonald's website. We'll see you there!
We absolutely love our Family Events. That's why we put them on during the school holidays and weekends throughout the whole year. You can find out when the next one near you is .
Yes. All of our events are absolutely free.
Can we link through to the family events page so they can find out more info and the nearest family events to them - https://www.mcdonalds.com/gb/en-gb/good-to-know/family.html
Yes - if you would like to place a large order to takeaway for a birthday or any other occasion, you can do this via our new McDonald's app, via UberEATS or by calling your local restaurant.
We have a variety of fruit and vegetables on offer, ranging from Carrot and Cucumber Sticks to our Fruit Bags. We also include salad on a wide variety in our range.
We are continuously reviewing our menu and product offering. We have a range of products approved by the Vegetarian Society, and have recently had our Fries and Veggie Goujons approved as suitable for vegans.
On average McDonald's U.K. orders the following volume of ketchup each year using 2018 figures:  4,848 tonnes of bulk ketchup and 4,940 tonnes of packaged ketchup (dip pots and sachets).
McDonald's does not give out this kind of sensitive commercial information.
At McDonald's U.K., we're already committed to providing more opportunities for children and adults alike, to participate in and receive qualified football coaching across the U.K. These opportunities are provided through the McDonald's Com...
McDonald's U.K. does not donate to the Jewish United Fund. As a company that operates in more than 1,200 communities in the U.K, we respect employees and customers from all backgrounds.
We offer all our employees training opportunities to develop their communication skills for both customer and staff interactions, including the chance to gain a nationally recognised qualification in English.
Paul Pomroy is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and President of McDonald's in the UK.
Yes, both menus are the same.
No, sorry, we don't. This is because we are currently a dedicated fundraiser for Ronald McDonald House Charities and are unable to undertake other fundraising or provide McDonald's vouchers for other fundraising or charity initiatives.
McDonald's does not disclose information that is commercially sensitive such as our future plans, as this would offer an advantage to our competitors.
You can find some information on our commercial and non-commercial goals here.
You can find some information on our management style here here.
Let us tell you a little story. Brothers Richard and Maurice McDonald first opened a burger restaurant in San Bernardino in California in 1940. They called it the 'Speedee Service System', offering great tasting food, served incredibly quickly. Just li...
Only food and drink purchased from McDonald's should be consumed on McDonald's premises.
We run a number of advertising campaigns each year, all of which have different budgets and target audiences. Our Marketing team use a range of advertising platforms - digital, press, outdoor, TV - and these change depending on the subject and audience...
The legal legislation and policies McDonald's adhere to are vast and cover all the different aspects of our global business. This includes operations in restaurants, advertising, marketing, company governance, health and safety, employment, sourcing of...
You can find some information on our philosophy here.
Unfortunately McDonald's does not disclose information that is commercially sensitive such as our marketing strategy and procedures, as this would offer an advantage to our competitors.
McDonald's is in the quick service restaurant market. For more information you can visit here.
You can find some information on this subject area here.
This is because our prices vary slightly from restaurant to restaurant, so it's not possible to show them all. However, you can find the menu prices either inside our restaurants, online via our app or the Uber Eats delivery app.
Good question. This is because U.K. marketing regulations define a person under the age of 16 as a child. So, as part of McDonald's responsible marketing campaigns and in adherence with UK rules and regulations, McDonald's never targets price promotion...
McDonald's U.K. first trialled 24 hour opening in the 1990s at select locations, mainly airports, but we didn't roll out the concept more fully until recently. Currently, over 650 restaurants in the UK are open 24/7, and you can find your nearest 24/7 ...
Our World Square Olympic Park restaurant was, during the Olympic and Paralympic Games, the busiest McDonald's restaurant anywhere in the world.
We believe that every customer should receive the same standards of service, food quality and cleanliness, no matter who or where they are. To make sure of this, we send in mystery shoppers at peak periods to see how well each restaurant handles the d...
Our head office in the U.K. is led by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer. We have the following departments: Communications, Customer & Restaurant Services. Franchising, Human Resources, Hygiene, Safety & Security, Information Serv...
We have a number of competitors in the catering sector ranging from fast food restaurants to coffee shops and traditional fish and chip outlets - though we don't think it is appropriate to comment on specific competitors.
We do not publish U.K. specific results. However, our latest global results are available here.
You can find some information on McDonald's processes and activities here.
All Welsh retail stores, including McDonald's, have to comply with the Welsh Assembly bag levy. This means that all retailers have to charge for a bag unless the product is unwrapped and has to be put in a bag for hygiene reasons e.g.. an open topped c...
We suggest in the first instance you download one of McDonald's Student Information Packs. These have been developed after receiving many questions from students wanting to know more about the company and are designed to help address the type of questi...
We're afraid that Ronald McDonald's no longer appears in McDonald's U.K. advertising, he is still very busy working for us. He often travels up and down the country to help promote some of our exciting new activities and visits our restaurants to make ...
Our employees receive a performance review based on competencies defined as important for their role. The review occurs twice a year and is an opportunity to measure performance, set objectives and discuss the training and development needs of the empl...
We suggest you visit here where you can download one of our information packs.
On average, McDonald's serves more than 3.8 million customers a day in the U.K.
At McDonald's, we are constantly monitoring our products and services to ensure we provide only the best and most popular products to our customers. We want to remain as leaders in the market, so we undertake a number of different market research proje...
McDonald's has around 34,000 restaurants in 118 countries and territories across the world, serving more than 69 million people every day worldwide. In the U.K., we operate 1,200 restaurants and serve more than 3.8 million customers each day. Some seri...
For our restaurants to be operating well, it is really important for all members of the restaurant team to work together and follow the systems in place to ensure that the best quality food and service is provided to our customers. New employees are se...
Yes! Over the years McDonald's U.K. has given millions of prizes to millions of people as part of the Monopoly promotion. These have included everything from McDonald's food prizes and shopping vouchers, to wonderful weekend breaks and spanking new set...
Unfortunately, this information cannot be given out because it is commercially sensitive and therefore confidential.
In the UK, McDonald's is required to comply with many U.K. and European laws, covering a wide range of subject matters. McDonald's takes appropriate action to ensure that it complies with all applicable laws.
McDonald's Corporation is owned by a variety of corporate and retail investors.
Brothers Richard and Maurice McDonald first opened a burger restaurant in San Bernardino in California in 1940. They called it the 'Speedee Service System', offering great tasting food, served incredibly quickly. Just like we do today. McDonald's as we...
We suggest in the first instance you visit our website here. for information about McDonald's business practices and procedures.
Our aim is to provide a fun and safe environment where our customers can enjoy good food made with quality ingredients at affordable prices.
It's simple, really. McDonald's main aims are to serve good food for great value in a friendly, fun environment, as well as being a socially responsible company that provides good returns to our shareholders. Within the UK, there are approximately 1300...
It is difficult for us to specifically identify how many meals we serve in the U.K. each day - however on average we serve around 3.5 million customers per day.
Environmental issues are always changing, McDonald's recognises the need to protect and preserve the environment and continually analyses the business about the impact on the environment. As a result of this, environmental action plans have been develo...
Unfortunately, we do not currently offer gift vouchers. However, selected restaurants do run Birthday Parties for children, if it was the little ones you had in mind. You can use our restaurant locator
Thanks for your question. McDonald's runs a very successful series of marketing and advertising campaigns to make sure all of our customers are aware of our offers, promotions and good work that McDonald's is involved in. This includes TV, print, displ...
Thanks for your question. McDonald's has an internal communications team that deals with communications to all of our staff, and stakeholders. A number of different communication channels are used such as the intranet and weekly newsletters for staff t...
Within the UK, there are approximately 1300 restaurants of which around 1100 are franchised. McDonald's has over 36,000 restaurants in the world, operating in over 100 countries and territories. There are approximately 120,00 people employed by McDonal...
The McDonald's company structure is as follows: at the top is the chief executive officer (CEO), followed by the chief operating officer (COO), the chief people officer (CPO), the chief financial officer (CFO) and the SVP development. Below that, the d...
It's simple, really. McDonald's main aims are to serve good food for great value in a friendly, fun environment, as well as being a socially responsible company that provides good returns to our shareholders.
McDonald's has run its business in the UK since 1974. We've loved every minute of it, and we currently operate around 1,300 restaurants across Britain and Ireland alone. Our number one priority? Serving quality food that our customers love and can trus...
McDonald's aims to offer a friendly, fun environment for everyone, and we mean everyone, to enjoy. This means appealing to families who love our iconic Happy Meal®, to workers grabbing breakfast on-the-go or eating in to enjoy our freshly ground coffee...
You can find out ways to contact McDonald's here.
As a global business that started in the U.S, our main research and development centre is in Chicago, USA. We also have research and development centres in each of our markets. In Europe, this is in Germany. Each country also has their own 'local' team...
McDonald's is a global brand. Each of the 122 countries we operate in all have different needs, cultures and expectations. This means that portion sizes may vary between countries, as will menu items, interior restaurant designs and packaging. In the U...
Thanks for your question. All of McDonald's marketing and advertising goes through a number of different processes and approval stages to ensure it complies with the Advertising Standards Agency regulations.
The McDonald's company structure is as follows: at the top is the chief executive officer (CEO), followed by the chief operating officer (COO), the chief people officer (CPO), the chief financial officer (CFO) and the SVP development. Below that, the d...
Some of our U.K. restaurants do offer an NHS discount, but this is at the discretion of individual franchisees. (Almost 70% of our restaurants are owned and run by local franchisees).
We are committed to serving our range of hot food, fresh from the kitchen and have no current plans to introduce a mobile service or burger van at events. Our grills and fryers are too big to be used inside a van or other mobile vehicle so this would n...
Unfortunately McDonald's does not disclose information that is commercially sensitive such as our business strategy, as this would offer an advantage to our competitors. However, we suggest you download one of our information packs for more information...
Although many of our campaigns do have specific target audiences, we like to believe there is a McDonald's for everyone.
Unfortunately McDonald's does not disclose information that is commercially sensitive such as our business strategy, as this would offer an advantage to our competitors. However, we suggest you download one of our information packs for more information...
Unfortunately, McDonald's does not give out this kind of commercial information, as it could be an advantage to our competitors. However, it is fair to say that marketing and advertising are a widely accepted and integral part of any successful busines...
Every manager will have different techniques and methods which they will use to effectively run their teams. However, all of our managers are trained thoroughly by McDonald's and there is a full support network in place for both employees and managers ...
Our customers, our suppliers and our employees are our main stakeholders. But as any business would, we engage with a wide variety of audiences that have an interest in the communities in which we operate.
Yes. Most McDonald's packaging can be recycled and we have installed recycling stations in over 1000 of our restaurants. We also recycle all our used cooking oil into biodiesel for our trucks.
Great question. The Rainforest Alliance is a not-for-profit organisation who build strong forests, healthy agricultural landscapes, and thriving communities. Every freshly-ground McCafé® coffee uses 100% responsibly-sourced Arabica beans grown on Rainf...
You can find our prices either in our restaurants, online via our app or the Uber Eats delivery app.
Understandably, only McDonald's food prizes can be redeemed in restaurants. Full instructions on how to claim your prize can be found on our Monopoly promotion website. Instructions to claim each Instant Win prize are printed on each winning game piece...
The campaign has now ended and packaging is therefore no longer distributed.
Rules from the 2018 Monopoly Wiiiin! promotion can be found on the promotion website when Monopoly is live.
McDonald's has an extensive range of quality systems in place ranging from our food suppliers right though to restaurant preparation and service of food. The quality control services are a range of in-house systems and supplier led systems.
Yes. Fruit bags are available for purchase and the offering rotates on a seasonal basis throughout the year. Carrot Sticks or Cucumber Bags are available all year round. A fruit bag can be purchased instead of, or in addition to, fries in a Happy Meal&...
No, the Employee Discount Card is only valid in the U.K.
Simply put, our mission is to provide people with great food and great service at great value for money. We always put the needs of our customers first and try to give people a great experience every time they visit us; from adding even more value for ...
McDonald's has been putting social responsibility actions in place for several years now. We have been picking up litter in local areas around our restaurants since 1982, and continue to support local community groups in keeping areas clean and litter ...
Our UK address is: Head Office, McDonald's, 11-59 High Road, East Finchley London, N2 8AW. You can contact our customer services team at +44 (0)370 524 4622.
Our HR Helpline number is 0345 606 0321
Our on-going charity work is incredibly important to us. As a result, in order to dedicate enough time and support to our existing community and charity programmes, we're afraid that we are not able to support local charities upon request, as worthwhil...
You can find a full ingredient declaration for all food served in the U.K. by visiting our online nutritional calculator tool here.
The streaky bacon strips used on our burgers are pre-cooked at the suppliers before being chilled, which means the bacon is ready to eat without the need for any further heating. There is no food safety risk from using this pre-cooked bacon.
For most products we have a number of different suppliers, which helps spread risk. Where possible with non-highly perishable products, we store stock in case of a production stoppage or lack of raw material. The key factor to the success of McDonald's...
In order to make the delicious food we’re famous for, we rely on over 23,000 British and Irish farmers, and cattle are reared in a variety of production systems that reflect the local conditions. The welfare standards that every single one of our suppl...
Every egg we cook at breakfast is free range, from UK or Irish farmers who meet RSPCA Assured standards. As part of our McDonald's range enrichment programme, we require our farmers to plant 20% of their ranges with trees to improve bird welfare. To da...
All chickens are reared in sheds with access to daylight, perching and pecking objects. Every ounce of chicken breast meat we use is sourced from approved suppliers who must have a fully transparent and integrated supply chain. This ensures that all as...
The cattle on beef and dairy farms which supply our menu are reared in a variety of production systems which use both grass and cereal based diets. For information on our approach to farming, click here
Yes, all animals are stunned prior to slaughter. All of the meat on the McDonald's U.K. menu is sourced from carefully selected and approved abattoirs that are compliant, not just with EU welfare regulations, but with McDonald's own rigorous quality, h...
We know animal welfare is important to you. It's also a big deal for us. We're passionate about animal welfare and will only ever, ever use ingredients and suppliers that meet our exacting standards. It's a key pillar of our Farm Forward programme, whi...
Log into your account and scroll down to the Search Agent section. All saved searches will be shown here and you can edit and delete them as necessary.
This could be due to your email's junk filter re-directing our email. Alternatively, your email may have been entered incorrectly on your application. Call the People Services Helpdesk on 0345 606 0321 as soon as possible to find out why you have been ...
Check that you have entered the correct email address and password. If you've forgotten your password, please use the 'I have forgotten my password' link on the sign-in page.
You can sign in to your account by going to the ‘Job search’ page and finding the role which you previously applied to. At the bottom of this page, you will find a 'Sign in’ link which will take you to your account.
Everyone, from Crew Member to Trainee Manager, starts with the same development programme. But for Trainee Managers it’s a little more intensive. You then move on to the first level of our Management Development Programme, which includes various course...
Definitely. We value talent and always encourage our employees to stay within our business. In fact, half of our Executive Team started in restaurants. There are no limits to how far or fast you progress.
One of the benefits of working at McDonald's is that you don't have to worry about what to wear to work! We supply you with a uniform and will provide you with guidelines on what’s acceptable whilst at work.
We announced in April 2017 that all of our 120,000 plus employees will be offered the choice of a flexible or fixed contract offering minimum guaranteed hours, and since then, we've been working through a process of training with our franchisees and re...
We announced in April 2017 that all of our 120,000 plus employees will be offered the choice of a flexible or fixed contract offering minimum guaranteed hours, and since then, we've been working through a process of training with our franchisees and re...
We ensure that our pay rates remain competitive. All our hourly paid people earn above the national minimum wage, and together with our franchisees we have announced three pay rises since April 2016. We also offer a wide range of benefits, including ho...
Yes, you can apply again, but ensure you make a new application.
We are required to check your eligibility to work in the UK before we employ you. You must be able to provide a valid passport or a valid UK visa (with a college letter, listing term dates, where applicable). Only original documents will be accepted.
Smart business attire is recommended. For example, a light-coloured shirt and dark trousers or skirt. Remember that you may be working in the restaurant as well as having a formal interview, so please also adhere to our usual dress code: • Flat, closed...
We aim to contact you as quickly as possible, which is usually within seven to ten days of receiving your application. We make sure to contact all candidates, even if they’re unsuccessful – so if you haven’t heard back, contact the People Services Hel...
No. The short, online test is a key part of our recruitment process. So, in order to ensure consistency and the same experience for every candidate, we only accept online applications.
There are a number of places in your area that have free public access to computers. Try your local public library, Jobcentre Plus or an internet cafe.
All of our restaurants advertise their vacancies on our website, so if there aren't any listed this means they’re not currently hiring. You can set up notifications to tell you when a position becomes available in your local area.
It should take between 20 minutes to an hour to complete the online application, depending on the role you’re applying for.
Yes, you can apply for as many vacancies as you wish. However, we will only consider one of your applications at a time, so think carefully about what role you apply for and where you wish to work.
Yes, we ensure all personal information you provide is protected from unauthorised use.
You must be of school-leaving age (except for Student Work Experience opportunities). If you’re unsure what this means, please use the age checker in the eligibility section of the application form.
It depends on the role you’re applying for. As a general rule, the entire process of recruiting Trainee Managers will take between four and eight weeks. For Crew Members, the recruitment process will take up to two weeks.
Either click on the 'Job search' page or on the ‘Job search’ button on the page of the vacancy you’re interested in. Select the role you wish to apply for, and if you’re new to our website, you’ll be prompted to register. If you’re an existing user, en...
You must be of school-leaving age (except for Student Work Experience opportunities). If you’re unsure what this means, please use the age checker in the eligibility section of the application form. For more information on working at McDonald'...
Whilst the majority of our crew member's day to day role involves a large amount of physical activity we do also provide opportunities for employees who have physical restrictions. For more information on working at McDonald's you can visit
Our Crew can find retailers who offer discounts on the Ourlounge Employee Discount page.
A long sleeved top is available as part of the uniform range - and are provided for employees who need to wear them for various reasons including any skin condition (which needs to be covered for food safety and/or appearance reasons).
No, all of our employees are provided with a full uniform. The number of garments an employee receives will depend on the number of shifts they work. We do not provide footwear though - although we do offer our employees the option to purchase suitable...
SOC stands for Station Observation Checklist and is a tool used to train and develop our employees across the various areas of the restaurant. It is an important element of our development programme and helps us to ensure that our employees have the sk...
No watches, small badges or visible jewellery of any sort are allowed (including tooth jewellery), with the exception of a plain wedding band is permitted to be worn by any employee (this includes management) as they could get caught in equipment, trap...
No watches, small badges or visible jewellery of any sort are allowed (including tooth jewellery), with the exception of a plain wedding band is permitted to be worn by any employee (this includes management) as they could get caught in equipment, trap...
Our managers are supplied with shirts and suits to wear whilst at work.
You will given an allocation of uniform based on how many hours you work each week. If you require additional uniform you can speak to your Business Manager who will be able to assist.
We totally respect our employees’ religious beliefs and recognise that some women wear a religious headscarf, or hijab, and some men wear a turban. We allow these things to be worn of course, but do require the employee keeps their headscarf or turban ...
Yes - at McDonald's we use a system of colour-coded gloves to avoid bare hand contact with raw foods and to handle some ready-to-eat food items.
Visible tattoos are allowed as long as they are not considered offensive.
Our jewellery policy does not permit any visible jewellery other than a plain wedding band.
The well-being of our staff is very important and as such, all staff that work in areas of the restaurant where the temperature is likely to be colder (such as stockrooms, freezers, chillers or outside) will be provided with the relevant items of cloth...
We know that people come in all shapes and sizes. And we love that. That's why we have an easy to follow sizing guide available to you once you've started working with us. The guide will help you to determine which size will be right for you, so that y...
Tips are not accepted as McDonald's restaurants have a team environment which is not about rewarding individuals. If a customer would like to make a donation then they can do so in the RMHC boxes.
We ensure that our pay rates remain competitive. All our hourly paid people earn above the national minimum wage, and together with our franchisees we have announced three pay rises since April 2016. We also offer a wide range of benefits, including an...
We do not offer any form of bonus to celebrate a birthday within McDonald's Restaurants. However, we do have a Service award programme which celebrates and rewards key milestone employment anniversaries.
Our apprentices are paid at the same rates as the rest of our hourly paid employees. Our hourly rates depend on the role and the age of the employee, and can also vary depending on the location of the restaurant.
We offer statutory sick pay.
Shifts are normally 4 -9 hours in length - and weekly hours vary from 4 to 45 dependant on the employees availability.
We don't pay any additional amounts to employees working on evenings, weekends, or bank holiday days. All hourly-paid staff can choose which hours and on which days they are available to work and will not be scheduled outside of their requested availab...
Our Shift Managers are hourly paid and can choose to work a variety of shifts across a week. This means that there are a wide variety of annual salaries and it would not be reflective to average the pay of a group of people, some of whom work one day a...
We ensure that our pay rates remain competitive. All our hourly paid people earn above the national minimum wage, and together with our franchisees we have announced three pay rises since April 2016. We also offer a wide range of benefits, including an...
McDonald's does not disclose information that is commercially sensitive as this would offer an advantage to our competitors.
There are 4 different levels of management in a typical restaurant: 1) Business Manager, 2) 1st Assistant Manager, 3) 2nd Assistant Manager and 4) Shift Running Manager
The number of employees scheduled for particular shifts depends very much on the size and type of restaurant, how many customers are expected at that time of day and what special promotions or events are running at that time. Each restaurant management...
We believe businesses have a responsibility to support every employee to reach their potential by providing good training and career progression. Additionally it makes good business sense because it helps the company engage with all of its employees an...
Marketing managers are responsible for developing a personality for McDonald's as a brand. The do this by communicating the brand message using a number of different communication methods such as advertising and promotions which are used to give the br...
People Stuff is an online employee portal which enables employees to book holidays, update their address and personal details, book training courses and access their payslip online.
Business managers are responsible for choosing the winner of Employee of the Month in each restaurant. Employees are chosen based on their ability to demonstrate behaviours that deliver a great experience for our customers and their fellow employees. V...
Due to the franchised nature of our business payroll arrangements can vary, however the majority of our employees are paid every two weeks.
There is a discretionary pay rise after successfully completing the probationary period, and an annual Performance Review, which will be pay related if a sufficient grade is achieved. Please refer to your franchisees Employee Handbook to clarify the sy...
There is no pay enhancement for McDonald's employees who work on a bank holiday or Sundays. For more information on working at McDonald's you can visit here.
In McDonald's we strive to help every individual reach their full potential. Whilst each McDonald's country operates autonomously, occasionally there are opportunities around the globe for U.K. employees to apply for.
You can contact the People Services Helpdesk on 0345 6060321.
Our recruitment system is completed 100% online.
We do not view our employee turnover as high. Compared to other businesses in the retail and hospitality sector we are very pleased with how long our employees choose to stay with McDonald's. The average length of service for a crew member is over two ...
Yes, if you are still employed by McDonald's during your maternity leave. Please contact the People Services Helpline on 0345 606 0321 to discuss your situation with a member of the HR team
We are not able to provide an offer of employment to support your application, though wish you all the best if you decide to progress with obtaining a working visa.
No, they're not - many ex-employees do re-join McDonald's at a later date. The restaurants will require any ex-employees to complete the application and selection process again and will obtain references from the employees previous restaurant in order ...
You can contact the People Services Helpdesk on 0345 6060321
Please refer to your Employee Handbook on Ourlounge. You can also contact the People Services Helpdesk on 0345 6060321
You can contact the People Services Helpdesk on 0345 6060321
You can contact the People Services Helpdesk on 0345 6060321
We have a very flexible approach to scheduling, which works for us and our employees too. It's starts by each employee letting us know the hours they're available to work, and then we schedule them appropriately. Employees and their managers can then d...
For every job role and level at McDonald's we have a structured training and development programme, which offers a wide range of opportunities to progress within the company. We carry out regular performance reviews and give ongoing constructive feedba...
Our employees tend to stick around. Partly because it's a fun, sociable and flexible place to work, but also because there's always the chance to progress into roles with more responsibility. In fact, 9 out of 10 of our restaurant managers, and 1 in 5 ...
Martin Brower UK manages the multi-temperature deliveries for McDonald's food and paper products to its 1,270 restaurants in the U.K. If you are interested in careers at Martin Brower UK, you can contact them via email at UK-HRSharedServices@martinbrow...
McDonald's UK doesn't publish turnover figures because these can't be compared to staff turnover figures from other similar companies (because different methods of calculation are used across the industry). That said, staff turnover at McDonald's is lo...
www.ourlounge.co.uk - click on the new starter section where you will be able to complete your orientation.
Yes - many people re-join McDonald's at a later point in their career.
Employees are totally free to join a union if they wish. This is in accordance with U.K. and EU employment regulations which we follow to the letter. However, we don't currently work with any specific trade union because we have a number of internal me...
Crew members do undertake a probationary period, although the time period can differ in Franchised restaurants. The shortest probation period would be three weeks. For more information on working at McDonald's you can visit
We're hiring all the time and we offer a wide range of job roles, so the best way to find out if there's a current vacancy that would suit you and the skills you have is to click here and click on 'Join the team' to apply for a job online. You can sear...
You can contact the People Services Helpdesk on 0345 6060321 or visit our careers website here.
You can also view current vacancies and apply online on this website.
Our crew trainers play an incredibly important role within McDonald's. Becoming a crew trainer is the next step up from crew member. Our crew trainers are responsible for training our crew members for their day-to-day work serving customers, prepar...
A Crew Member has three main responsibilities: Customer Service, Food Preparation and Cleanliness and Hygiene. Good customer service skills are integral to the way we do things at McDonald's. A crew member will be expected to provide customers with...
Yes we do. Please talk to your Business Manager in the first instance to alert them of any problems. Or call the People Services Helpdesk on 0345 6060321
We have an employee handbook that details lots of useful information for our employees including discipline and grievance policies. If in doubt, please speak to your Business Manager.
A Foundation Degree is a vocational qualification in higher education. They are normally offered by universities and further education colleges working in partnership with employers. At McDonald's we offer our Business Managers the opportunity to study...
Teamwork is essential in McDonald's. Our restaurants could not operate without employees working together and supporting each other. The ability to work as part of a team is part of our recruitment systems, training programmes and reward strategy and R...
We are an equal opportunity employer and we truly believe one of our greatest strengths is our diverse workforce. We recognise the importance of being an inclusive employer and employ on the basis of qualities, not qualifications. We have a strong part...
Please attend your welcome meeting in comfortable clothing and footwear. We will discuss uniform requirements with you at the meeting.
We would consider full time to be from 21 - 35 hours per week and part time would be anything up to 20 hours per week. However, one of the things that our employees love about working for McDonald's is the flexibility that we offer to all. During each ...
No, we do not provide transport to or from work. All employees agree with us what shifts they can work and if travel becomes difficult for whatever reason then we would be happy to review availability with individual employees. Any employee concerned a...
For every shift you work you will receive a meal allowance of at least a medium Extra Value Meal. This may vary in Franchised restaurants so please check with the restaurant manager to be sure.
Yes - McDonald's pays Statutory Maternity Pay to qualifying , hourly paid employees and enhanced Company Maternity Pay to qualifying salaried employees. Current employees wishing to seek advice regarding this should contact the internal People Services...
We know that people take a job with McDonald's for all sorts of reasons, from wanting to earn some extra cash while studying to needing a flexible job that fits around childcare. That's why it's so important to us that we offer our employees flexible w...
The stars represent four different modules of training: Quality, Service, Cleanliness, and Operational Excellence. Our crew members work and train in various areas of the restaurant – they're the people you see most, working behind the till and in the ...
Good question. We announced in April 2017 that all of our 120,000 plus employees will be offered the choice of a flexible or fixed contract offering minimum guaranteed hours, and since then, we've been working through a process of training with our fra...
If you refer to the Employee Handbook or speak to your Business Manager they will be able to explain fully.
Hourly paid employees are entitled to 28 days holiday per year which is pro-rat'd for part time employees. Holiday pay is accrued as employees work and paid to them when they take their holiday. You can find more information on how to book holidays and...
McDonald's doesn't force staff to work on bank holidays if they don't want to. All hourly-paid staff can choose which hours and on which days they are available to work and will not be scheduled outside of their requested availability. Therefore, if an...
The company seeks to accommodate any employee's need for prayer. Each situation would be dealt with on an individual basis to suit the requirements of the employee and the restaurant.
We like to think there is a McDonald's for everyone so it doesn't matter where people are from, just that we provide great tasting food in a fun and friendly environment. McDonald's in the U.K. employs people from all over the world; our staff are requ...
Please speak to your manager who will be able to comment on your specific circumstances.
A Business Manager is in charge of the restaurant and will provide motivational leadership to the restaurant team (typically up to 100 employees), ensure customers leave satisfied, and they make sure that the business is financially strong. You can fin...
A staff member is a generic term for an employee, depending on the context, this term could refer to any number of roles within our business. A crew member is the typical entry level position in our restaurants and has three main responsibilities: Cust...
At McDonald's, we are fortunate and proud to have one of the most diverse workforces in the U.K. We have a policy of employing local people where possible, which means our restaurant employees are a true reflection of the communities and people they se...
We believe in investing in our employees to help them fulfil their potential and progress in their careers, so we take training seriously. As a result, we invest more than £43 million in training and development each year and our training approach has ...
Females make up 52% of our workforce and 60% of our workforce is under 21.
You will find this information in the employee handbook on the Our Lounge website for employee rights.
We know that people lead different lives, with different demands on their time. That's why one of the great benefits of working for McDonald's is the flexibility in work schedules and hours. If you are successfully hired to work at McDonald's, you will...
An individual can absolutely work for us if they have scars on their arms and we do offer a long sleeve polo top uniform option, if arms need to be covered for religious or medical reasons. An employee wishing to wear a long sleeve top would need to sp...
Things move quickly at McDonald's, whether we’re serving our customers delicious food or helping our own people to build their futures. In our workplace, we promote flexibility, opportunity, equality and development. McDonald's employees come from all ...
The interview is an absolutely vital part of our hiring process. Without it, we wouldn't get a proper picture of what kind of person you are, and whether you'd be a great fit at McDonalds. The interview will normally involve a set of questions around v...
Yes, all new employees are issued a written contract known as the 'Particulars of Employment'.
Yes, we pride ourselves on having a fun, friendly working environment for our employees. As such each restaurant has their own team building activities that they arrange locally throughout the year. Additionally activities may also be arranged for empl...
Yes, we do have siblings and other family members working in the same restaurant, however there will be exceptions and in certain circumstances it may not be appropriate or possible.
The average length of service for a crew member is 2.5 years.
If you work for McDonald's, please ask your Manager or check the New Starter section of ourlounge.co.uk.
We have many restaurants that are open 24/7 and so shift patterns vary significantly. For more information on working at McDonald's you can visit here.
There are approximately 120,000 people employed by McDonald's U.K.
Yes. Through our employee discount scheme, staff can take advantage of discounts at over 800 retailers including gyms such as PureGym. For more information on working at McDonald's you can visit
Yes. Once an employee has completed one month of continuous service, they will be eligible to receive an Employee Discount Card. This card entitles them to a discount in McDonald's restaurants and participating franchised restaurants as well as a w...
The McDonald's Foundation Degree in Managing Business Operations is a degree-level qualification that combines academic study with workplace learning. During the programme each person builds business knowledge and understanding and creates action plans...
The Diploma covers everything from managing the team in the restaurant to understanding more about the business side of things. It involves a combination of learning on-the-job and attending a management course at McDonald's training facilities in ...
Yes we do. And we love it. Our work experience programme is open to full-time students aged 14-19, and is designed to complement young people's school or college education. Each placement is either a 5 or 10 day stint in a real McDonald's restaurant. O...
We do use a personality based psychometric test as part of our application process. This has been created by industry experts and has not been found to be discriminatory. The hypothetical scenario questions are an incredibly common way of employers sel...
We offer a range of qualifications. For more information on working at McDonald's you can visit here.
Generally, we recruit on qualities not qualifications for our crew positions; anybody with the right attitude and commitment to providing the best in customer service is welcome to apply for a position with us. People who wish to enter our management p...
Anybody with the right attitude and a commitment to providing the best in customer service is welcome to apply for a position at McDonald's. We welcome candidates from all backgrounds and there are no minimum qualifications needed to join McDonald&...
Employees under the age of 18 are legally restricted to shifts of 8 hours or less and cannot work between midnight and 4.00am. For more information on working at McDonald's you can visit her...
The average age of an 'hourly-paid' employee is 20. You might like to know that we employ 120,000 people of all ages, from school leaving age to people in their 80s. We're also one of the biggest providers of first-time jobs in the U.K.
You must be of school-leaving age (except for Student Work Experience opportunities). If you’re unsure what this means, please use the age checker in the eligibility section of the application form. For more information on working at McDonald's you can...
As a recognised leader in the quick service restaurant sector, we know there might sometimes be comments and issues that reflect negatively on the company. Everyone's entitled to their opinion, but at McDonald's we’re all about facts, and we try to com...
No, a McDonald's Franchise is offered to one person only, and the agreement is between the franchisee and McDonald's. A franchisee can choose whether to operate as a sole trader or limited company, however. With a limited company, the franchisee must h...
For information about franchising in other countries, please visit here to select the country you are interested in for more information. ...
If your personal circumstances change then you may sell the remainder of your term to a McDonald's approved buyer - someone who has been approved through the McDonald's franchisee selection process.
Our franchisees are what make McDonald's restaurants tick, which means being on the floor and fully involved in the day-to-day running of the business. We're looking for hands-on, sleeves-rolled-up individuals who will work shoulder to shoulder with th...
In short, no. Property selection and franchisee selection are two separate things. We only sell existing trading restaurants, so you don’t have to worry about finding a site. This means our franchisee selection process is based entirely on the applican...
Yes, it is our intention to put restaurants in the hands of those that operate them the best. Therefore, if you attain consistently high standards then McDonald's will consider selling you additional restaurants.
You purchase the equipment and the rights to operate a business from a location for a set term. The challenge is to maximise the sales and profitability of the business over the 20-year term.
Within the UK and Ireland, there are approximately 1370 restaurants, of which around 82% (1100) are franchised.
Our friends at the British Franchise Association (BFA) have loads of useful information about franchising over on their website. There are also a bunch of franchise exhibitions throughout the year, with exhibitors from all kinds of sectors. Looking int...
Our franchising website contains everything you need to know about Franchising with McDonald's. The selection process, what we look for, the costs, FAQs and details on upcoming Insight Days and Exhibitions - it’s all
